
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119874663906                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685173095733                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 316104                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   397938                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1995739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60065.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18986905798                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23902259508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2832896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2785920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3026048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4271872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2929280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1622784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2948224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2097152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4809344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4692736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2008064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4231296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2019200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4648960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2102784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             51378432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13832320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13832320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        22132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        21765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        22885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        12678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        23033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        37573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        36662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        36320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          108065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               108065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23632150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23240274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25243433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     35636154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24436189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13537339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24594221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     17494539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40119770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39147021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16751363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     35297667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     16844260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        41643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38781840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17541522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35642561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               428601260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        36305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        39508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        41643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        40576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        41643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        43779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        41643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             660957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         115389854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              115389854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         115389854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23632150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        36305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23240274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25243433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     35636154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        39508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24436189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13537339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24594221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     17494539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        41643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40119770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39147021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16751363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        40576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     35297667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        43779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     16844260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        41643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38781840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        43779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17541522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        41643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35642561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              543991114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21812861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14494437                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211812                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230364563                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123924107                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21812861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15521789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27619868                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5718518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3479658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13939512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706033                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265434789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237814921     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4205286      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2133987      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4159215      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1334027      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3841216      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608588      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         987835      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10349714      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265434789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075879                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.431087                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      227987412                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5909511                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27565391                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3950294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2064875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138639685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3950294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228256385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3482637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1588709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27308538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       848222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138438273                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106488                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       660968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181454589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627486739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627486739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34420259                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1924017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24949184                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26591                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       927761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137727625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128927319                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82204                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24956753                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51110466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265434789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208922059     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17796476      6.70%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18894279      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10975505      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5675676      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1417784      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680276      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39382      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33352      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265434789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215631     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        87972     23.36%     80.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72913     19.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101113525     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012727      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22759778     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032099      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128927319                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448491                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002920                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523748147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162703392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125648970                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129303835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102339                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5111119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          352                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3950294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2462260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137746386                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24949184                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2617                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          352                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1842603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127297493                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22440322                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1629826                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26472236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19341682                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031914                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125677512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125648970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76017426                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165662114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.437087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25136080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1727197                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261484495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219527848     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16499734      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569862      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352122      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530519      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1079522      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685712      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627206      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611970      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261484495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3611970                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395624212                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279457577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5129069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22034430                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.874692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.874692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591657904                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163733258                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147200241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21814345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740321                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14500746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14214080                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230424644                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            123946300                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21814345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     15524882                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27626482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5723057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3477020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           47                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13944770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708273                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    265501141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      237874659     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        4205788      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2135801      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        4160650      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1334835      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3842286      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         607630      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         987131      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10352361      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    265501141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075884                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      228035223                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5919118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27571734                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        22499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3952563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2065337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        20376                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    138667509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        38386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3952563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      228305557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3485122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1593287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27314355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       850253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    138465747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       107338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       661870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    181491510                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    627618179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    627618179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    147061903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34429597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        18604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9414                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1926107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      4067223                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26863                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       927622                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        137753660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18664                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       128953691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24961658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51127349                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265501141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208974336     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17805011      6.71%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18896307      7.12%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10975184      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678682      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419839      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679118      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39429      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33235      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265501141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215658     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88048     23.38%     80.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72907     19.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101132045     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013090      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9192      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22766355     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4033009      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    128953691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376613                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523867446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162734316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125672467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129330304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5112184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100425                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2458233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137772425                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4067223                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2518                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671363                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1844436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127322310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22444294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1631379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           26477103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19344039                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          4032809                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.442908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            125701306                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           125672467                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        76030320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       165707736                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100018027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    112636738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25141304                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1729465                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261548578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219584513     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16503228      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10570502      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3351751      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5532519      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080444      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686183      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627645      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3611793      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261548578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100018027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    112636738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             23808065                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            19841267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              9249                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17271051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        98454468                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1412428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3611793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          395714450                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         279511793                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               5130697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              21968078                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100018027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           112636738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100018027                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.874174                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.874174                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.347926                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.347926                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      591771642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     163763863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     147225641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        18520                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23333134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19135248                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2286632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9654997                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9121024                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222740482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132593008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23333134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11515222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29173886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6487095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      7513940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13719630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    263593414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      234419528     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3163940      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3667602      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2011675      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2309983      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1276084      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         866135      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2255778      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13622689      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    263593414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081167                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461242                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      220933340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      9355398                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28928981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       231814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4143877                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3786698                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21231                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    161863503                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4143877                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      221287644                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       3303674                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      5064656                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28820864                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       972695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    161762379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       245833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       455342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    224829433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    753171606                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    753171606                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    192075927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32753506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42433                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2611743                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15435203                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8412426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220629                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1864162                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161526794                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152682603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       211421                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20118568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46469077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4788                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263593414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199260610     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25869685      9.81%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13908680      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9630785      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8408622      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4298652      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043054      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669477      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       503849      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263593414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40792     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140391     42.61%     54.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148308     45.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127809599     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2387693      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18705      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14113934      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8352672      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152682603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.531127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329491                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569499532                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181689302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150151852                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    153012094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2709377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          917                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       179685                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9356                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4143877                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2743085                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161569440                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15435203                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8412426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23668                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119045                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1327118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1280750                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2607868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150432961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13257565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2249642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21608122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21054282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8350557                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            150154312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           150151852                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89240220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       233730134                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112791599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138381274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23189481                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37725                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2299832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259449537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202921180     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26213414     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10984725      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6601742      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4570141      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2954128      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1528981      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1233714      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2441512      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259449537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112791599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138381274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20958567                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12725826                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19805941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124754975                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2815363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2441512                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          418578026                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         327285479                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3409978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              23875805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112791599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138381274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112791599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.548676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.548676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.392361                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.392361                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      678597700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208398356                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     151065066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37690                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       23263870                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19024362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271184                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9837919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9202398                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396372                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101680                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225948329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            131937283                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          23263870                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11598770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27668351                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6565477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4017799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13890400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    261878978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615679                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      234210627     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1502307      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2375085      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3767509      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1571281      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1765778      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1855823      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1215030      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13615538      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    261878978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.458961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      223883603                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6098678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27582365                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        70338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4243992                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3815311                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    161137134                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3214                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4243992                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      224216917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1959059                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3165170                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27325452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       968386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    161044465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        30855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       276904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       361317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        50275                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    223587190                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    749157779                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    749157779                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    191195260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       32391930                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        41072                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22587                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2906107                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15354145                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8251585                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        160821714                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       152349475                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20197927                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44672808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3915                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261878978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197624955     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25791550      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14114307      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9607705      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8984300      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592838      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2008829      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684120      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470374      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261878978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35465     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109808     38.69%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138538     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127631542     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405264      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18483      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14081878      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212308      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    152349475                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.529968                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567047740                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181062494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149913080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    152633286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463018                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2736490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          330                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1686                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9511                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4243992                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1304838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137479                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160863064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15354145                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251585                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1686                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2620981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150192420                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13250590                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2157055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           21460912                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       21137650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8210322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            149914229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           149913080                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        87659281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       228965086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521493                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112303740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    137653647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23209649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2319379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257634986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201751434     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27062801     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10537780      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5676427      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254089      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372624      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461952      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308215      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3209664      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257634986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    112303740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    137653647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20638267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12617655                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19759133                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       124036205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2796083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3209664                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          415287864                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         325970799                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3644797                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              25590241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         112303740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           137653647                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    112303740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559748                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559748                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      677333485                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     207817255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150296357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        37248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23346137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19149010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2289632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9604556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9126962                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394017                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101995                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222907968                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            132695466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23346137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11520979                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29198959                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6495431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7377755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13731583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    263655142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      234456183     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3165075      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3677426      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2013527      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2311858      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1273204      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         866905      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2254381      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13636583      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    263655142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      221097045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9223033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        28953975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       231873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4149212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3785965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        21248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    161989552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts       104557                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4149212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      221452049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3282036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4948841                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28845288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       977712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    161887593                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       249450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       456867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    225014622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    753779750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    753779750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    192198608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       32816003                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        42187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23447                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2618254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15443976                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8415991                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221192                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1861121                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        161642402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42263                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       152775853                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       208041                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20143004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46598189                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4514                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263655142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199276642     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25899022      9.82%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13910532      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9634611      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8416674      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4299744      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043657      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669504      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504756      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263655142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40222     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140703     42.78%     55.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147967     44.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127892479     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2389503      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18717      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14120016      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8355138      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    152775853                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531451                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569743780                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181829144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150244403                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    153104745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2710001                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          920                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1478                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       177955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9361                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4149212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2717712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161684796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15443976                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8415991                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23410                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118157                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1478                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1329835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1282059                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2611894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150523687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13262442                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2252165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21615099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21064495                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8352657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            150246710                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           150244403                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        89304916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       233898192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381811                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112863696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    138469722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23216409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2302764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259505930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202942601     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26232057     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10989478      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6603989      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4573761      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2954613      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531555      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1233705      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2444171      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259505930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112863696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    138469722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20972011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12733975                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19818604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       124834710                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2817162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2444171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          418747136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         327521563                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3414484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              23814077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112863696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           138469722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112863696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.547048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.547048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392611                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392611                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      679009970                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     208539679                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     151174371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        37714                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       26013168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21660332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2369012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10116959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9535850                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2797484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226505424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            142762208                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          26013168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12333334                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29756551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6577216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7865251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14065970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2264138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    268313953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      238557402     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1825993      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2303215      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3665460      1.37%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1531310      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1975696      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2307039      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1054919      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15092919      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    268313953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      225176841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9322153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        29613576                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        15396                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4185982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3957290                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          747                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    174457442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4185982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      225406423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        729187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      7953522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        29399625                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       639204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    173380819                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        92217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       446209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    242144024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    806274216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    806274216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    202789202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       39354822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        42410                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22319                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2247130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     16219885                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8493188                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1981374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        169286190                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       162491277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       161653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20400404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41384446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2038                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268313953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199436825     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31399236     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12900539      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7185782      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9724478      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3002365      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2952642      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1588660      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123426      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268313953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119320     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149854     10.60%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144225     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136877961     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2225606      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20090      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14901937      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8465683      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    162491277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.565248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413400                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008698                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594871560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189730049                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158267974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    163904677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3023825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          904                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113609                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4185982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        553765                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69943                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169328758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16219885                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8493188                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60815                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          904                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1407169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1322442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2729611                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159661663                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14659008                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2829614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           23123980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       22574063                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8464972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.555404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            158268457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           158267974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        94831047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       254646783                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550556                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372402                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118004373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    145405759                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23923711                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40524                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2389078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264127971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202599086     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31177081     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11318223      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5647489      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5153957      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2170937      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2143759      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022814      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2894625      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264127971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    118004373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    145405759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21575639                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13196060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             20216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         21070268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       130912987                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3000223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2894625                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          430561997                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         342844961                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3433990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19155266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         118004373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           145405759                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    118004373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.436090                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.436090                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410494                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410494                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      718482925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     221118868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     161413810                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        40490                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23364833                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19161375                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2287933                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9601055                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9124003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2394889                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222864742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132794074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23364833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11518892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29207681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6504961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7396381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13728865                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2269880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    263650613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234442932     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3166379      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3667366      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2011153      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2313746      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1272945      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         866880      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2262155      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13647057      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    263650613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081278                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      221057711                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9237773                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28962533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       232058                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4160534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3792346                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    162107530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       104744                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4160534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      221412735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3338784                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      4908578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28853989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       975989                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    162008199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       247737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       456950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    225159248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    754322024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    754322024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    192202151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32957097                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42101                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2619898                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15456588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8422914                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        161767741                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152838662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212013                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20264311                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46914508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263650613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199264117     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25882417      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13917166      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9643596      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8420939      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4305822      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042551      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669087      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504918      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263650613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40386     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       140849     42.82%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147693     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127938070     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390467      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18717      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14128769      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8362639      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152838662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531670                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    569868878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182075645                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150301903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    153167590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       382810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2722384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1008                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1436                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9359                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4160534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2775869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       167727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161810025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15456588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8422914                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23308                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1436                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1325239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1284719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2609958                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150584968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13267053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2253694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21627639                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21071791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8360586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523830                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            150304252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           150301903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        89325082                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       233995594                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112865751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    138472270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23338987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37749                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2300952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259490079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202927521     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26228329     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10992002      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6604340      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4571974      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2956020      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1532952      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234319      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2442622      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259490079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112865751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    138472270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20972384                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12734204                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18834                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19818960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124837009                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2817214                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2442622                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          418857960                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         327783127                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3411793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              23818606                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112865751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           138472270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112865751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.547001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.547001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      679262393                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     208605891                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     151281699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37714                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       23700470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19394040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311492                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9769248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9328500                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2445279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105374                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228037329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            132534027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          23700470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11773779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27664397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6318351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5477841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13951404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2314071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    265156383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      237491986     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1292897      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2047684      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2770358      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2857034      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2412800      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1353376      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2004465      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12925783      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    265156383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      225717974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7816831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27614405                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        30761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3976411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3900045                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    162626746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1989                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3976411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      226339188                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1605878                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      4790967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27031683                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1412253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    162569007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       193977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       615097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    226820747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    756322796                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    756322796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    196591624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       30229123                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        40066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4201286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15215731                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8245108                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1946921                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        162366947                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       154146892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18025636                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43212196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1234                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265156383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199943215     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26801779     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13575595      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10261788      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8063034      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3261591      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039932      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1066716      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       142733      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265156383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28842     11.17%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96076     37.22%     48.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       133218     51.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129641226     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305111      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19322      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13961746      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8219487      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    154146892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.536221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            258136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001675                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573729317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180433399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151844707                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    154405028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2444929                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          161                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          615                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121036                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3976411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1284451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137347                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162407311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15215731                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8245108                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115852                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          615                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1343062                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1302374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2645436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152030791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13139445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2116101                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 160                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           21358608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       21603268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8219163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.528859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            151844956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           151844707                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        87173072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       234920720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528212                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371074                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114600913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    141014322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21393025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2340760                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261179972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203350312     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28659213     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10828187      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5160608      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4349402      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2491497      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2188222      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987762      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164769      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261179972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    114600913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    141014322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20894874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12770802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19442                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20334764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       127051793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2903735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3164769                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          420421770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         328791171                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3453883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              22312836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         114600913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           141014322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    114600913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.508437                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.508437                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.398655                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.398655                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      684235543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     211512662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150755070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        38936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       22301030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20122477                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1173651                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8911865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7991878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1235484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52154                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236735832                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140307484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          22301030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      9227362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27758920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3668767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5787877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13590716                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1180014                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    272748193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      244989273     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         995279      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2023722      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         857080      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4618518      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        4108066      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         804583      0.29%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1659484      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12692188      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    272748193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.488078                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      235406838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7131072                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27657953                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        87215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2465110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1957805                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    164534203                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2465110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      235643775                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       5173958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1209976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27524496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       730873                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    164449159                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       312003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       263799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7299                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    193053097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    774615805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    774615805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    171415091                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       21637971                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        19122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9661                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1841609                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     38829707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     19645315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       178663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       950530                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        164132414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       157925290                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81611                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12505120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29783665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272748193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216626790     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16812309      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13795839      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5958045      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7551025      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7319004      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4152606      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328188      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204387      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272748193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400157     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3115980     86.40%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90187      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99057854     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1377397      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9457      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37879087     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19601495     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    157925290                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.549364                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3606324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592286708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176660760                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156578232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161531614                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1486430                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          657                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4052                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13988                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2465110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       4754922                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       207298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164151702                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1718                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38829707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19645315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          157                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4052                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       690270                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       686148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1376418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156818993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37750348                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1106297                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           57350008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       20544729                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         19599660                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.545516                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            156582993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           156578232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        84559459                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       166551061                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.544678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507709                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127237320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    149525577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14641681                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19066                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1199794                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270283083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216076800     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19767702      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9279845      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9174278      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2496494      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10679207      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797948      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       580820      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1429989      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270283083                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    127237320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    149525577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             56869060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            37343273                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         19744958                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       132964682                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1448221                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1429989                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          433019962                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         330799938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               5194659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              14721026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         127237320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           149525577                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    127237320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.259315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.259315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.442612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.442612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      775338587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     181814822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     195976665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        19036                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22338307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20155997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169665                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8431883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7994111                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236906468                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            140545488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22338307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      9230489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            27794663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3668425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      5829081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13596576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    272999788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      245205125     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         991964      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2032187      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         851190      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4622084      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        4110195      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         799096      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1666076      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12721871      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    272999788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077707                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488906                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      235571052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7178716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        27693493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        87399                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2469123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1961835                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          454                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    164805520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2453                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2469123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      235811127                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       5214602                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1214132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        27557601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       733198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    164720832                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       311978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       266766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3740                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    193373454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    775885691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    775885691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171683850                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       21689603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        19125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9650                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1855029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     38879024                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     19672447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       178865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       951027                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        164406146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       158136959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12568004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30097615                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    272999788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216835557     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16801758      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13805177      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5962786      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7568896      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7331145      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4161045      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328482      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204942      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    272999788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400770     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120886     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90235      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99186972     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1380921      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9472      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37929675     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19629919     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    158136959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.550100                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611891                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592967434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176997349                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156791900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    161748850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284295                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1479510                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          624                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4022                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117179                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14000                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2469123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       4797659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164425421                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38879024                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19672447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9652                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4022                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1372192                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157033325                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37801388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103634                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           57429756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       20574109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         19628368                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.546261                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            156796723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           156791900                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        84669580                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       166784578                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.545422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507658                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127434339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    149757653                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14683918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1195479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270530665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216249263     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19792531      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9287912      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9191584      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498706      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10695524      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798559      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581940      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434646      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270530665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    127434339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    149757653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             56954782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            37399514                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19775776                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       133171128                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1450580                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1434646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          433537200                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         331352534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               5193931                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              14469431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         127434339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           149757653                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    127434339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.255822                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.255822                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443297                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443297                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      776370323                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     182061922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     196291403                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       23711789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19402389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2312114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9803137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9336675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2447864                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105387                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228165162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            132597941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          23711789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     11784539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27678710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6316489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5477390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13958114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2314558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    265295574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      237616864     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1293110      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2047824      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2772649      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2856840      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2415508      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1359700      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        2005740      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12927339      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    265295574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461260                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      225842355                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7819848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27628671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        30794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3973905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3902912                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          384                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    162705561                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3973905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      226464296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1605835                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4792903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27045109                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1413523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    162647651                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       193851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       615818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    226926067                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    756697621                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    756697621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    196714450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       30211612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        40112                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         4203900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15222764                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8249141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97251                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1940736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        162445937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40257                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       154230572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18018000                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43195435                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1264                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265295574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200050224     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26815009     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13581867      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10261491      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8070968      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3265882      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2038941      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069108      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       142084      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265295574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28965     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95154     37.04%     48.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132801     51.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129710909     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305572      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19334      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13971177      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8223580      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    154230572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536512                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001666                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574034664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180504813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151930041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    154487492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314409                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2443991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          156                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          621                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120007                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3973905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1284473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162486356                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15222764                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20778                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       116230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          621                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1343425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2643821                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152116019                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13146330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2114553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 162                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21369606                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       21614208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8223276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529156                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            151930281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           151930041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        87215475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       235046164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528509                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114672458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    141102367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21383996                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38993                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2341400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261321668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203460810     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28671311     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10833766      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5164713      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4352664      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494361      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2188864      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987692      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3167487      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261321668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    114672458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    141102367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             20907907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12778773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         20347463                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       127131116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2905546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3167487                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          420639764                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         328946723                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3454813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              22173645                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         114672458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           141102367                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    114672458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      684631339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     211628285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     150828237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        38958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       23265854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19022995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9809152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9200195                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226038941                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            131946002                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          23265854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11597639                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27662639                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6564467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4013194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13894505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290078                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    261957363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      234294724     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1495858      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2366975      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3765133      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1574139      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1770490      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1856272      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1224342      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13609430      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    261957363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.080933                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.458992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      223981796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6086638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27576413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        70431                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4242083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3818498                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    161160961                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4242083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      224304997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1969370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      3153032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27330057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       957822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    161075807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        30324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       277805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       358033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        45116                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    223624678                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    749289431                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    749289431                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    191262581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       32362088                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        40957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22468                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2886197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15362792                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8253560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249675                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        160871773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41071                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152410831                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187192                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20188149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44641328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3778                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261957363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197680066     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25797404      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14120231      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9610372      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8990867      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2597270      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006225      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684743      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470185      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261957363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35520     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109923     38.71%     51.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138502     48.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127681849     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405812      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18489      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14089970      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8214711      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152410831                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.530181                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567250162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181102655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149973825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    152694776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       464254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2740711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1692                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230149                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9503                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4242083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1308969                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160912993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15362792                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8253560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22442                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100819                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1692                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1292106                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2622778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150253870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13255957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2156961                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 149                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21468739                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21147019                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8212782                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.522678                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            149974876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           149973825                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        87687502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       229054565                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.521704                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112343246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    137702082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23211188                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37293                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2320273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257715280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201811070     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27073343     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10542559      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677088      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4256696      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2371927      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1463636      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307566      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211395      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257715280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    112343246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    137702082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20645492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12622081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19766108                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       124079809                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2797057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3211395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          415416401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         326068831                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3646156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              25511856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         112343246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           137702082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    112343246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.558847                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.558847                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.390801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.390801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      677600645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     207900318                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150311059                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       23713540                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19404338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2311380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9803722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9336822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228172423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            132593698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          23713540                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     11785225                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            27681091                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6310705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      5484271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        13957622                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2313566                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    265307038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      237625947     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1293325      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2051865      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2773820      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2855597      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2417338      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1359024      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2001369      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12928753      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    265307038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082491                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.461245                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      225850626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      7825955                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        27630756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        30855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3968845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3902401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    162696767                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3968845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      226472817                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1606604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      4797417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27047066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1414286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    162638833                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       194045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       615977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    226925823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    756646807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    756646807                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    196778461                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       30147362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        40237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20896                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         4207061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15221607                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8249039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1938805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        162437284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       154248877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21042                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17959931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43042664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1373                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265307038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200050153     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26820891     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13585856      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10264634      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8067529      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3267610      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2039686      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1069342      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141337      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265307038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29206     11.37%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95108     37.01%     48.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132665     51.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129727406     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2305795      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19340      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13972800      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8223536      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    154248877                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.536575                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            256979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001666                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574082813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180438210                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151950714                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    154505856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       317463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2438695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3968845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1286125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137233                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162477827                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15221607                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1342710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1300962                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2643672                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152136157                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13151144                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2112720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 163                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21374377                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       21619834                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8223233                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529226                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            151950929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           151950714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        87233742                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       235063952                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.528581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114709751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    141148239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21329612                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2340675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261338193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203456620     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28684449     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10836650      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5168369      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4350446      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494608      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2189401      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987047      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3170603      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261338193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    114709751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    141148239                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20914655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            12782912                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             19460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         20354099                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       127172418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2906486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3170603                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          420644661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         328924610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3455043                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22162181                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         114709751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           141148239                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    114709751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.506057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.506057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.399033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.399033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      684731606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     211661294                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     150828311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        38974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22351503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20167872                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169565                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8424905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7994378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237318                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51783                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236961916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            140622159                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22351503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9231696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27811111                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3672449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5828595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13600153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175131                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    273075215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      245264104     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         994750      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2031231      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         855741      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4623601      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        4112487      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         796680      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1665204      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12731417      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    273075215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.489173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      235630905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7173932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27709664                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        87568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2473141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1962424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    164892657                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2473141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      235870837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       5205370                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1218799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27573786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       733277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    164804951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       312443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       266230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4662                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193470861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    776272844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    776272844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171745576                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       21725282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        19695                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        10216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1854226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     38897136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     19680457                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       953918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        164487912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19756                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       158211756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12591667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30127763                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          653                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273075215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216888120     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16801824      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13813437      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5968035      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7573271      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7336088      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160823      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328445      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205172      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273075215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400556     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3122209     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90156      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99235392     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1382122      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9475      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37947339     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19637428     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    158211756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.550361                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3612921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593193942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177103367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156865122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    161824677                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       286735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1482535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          626                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4042                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14013                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2473141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4788566                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164507771                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38897136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19680457                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142666                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4042                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1372478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157108079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37819871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 103                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           57455768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20583605                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         19635897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.546521                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            156869985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           156865122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84715976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       166869471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.545676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507678                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127481925                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    149813153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14710724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19103                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1195459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270602074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216299711     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19799717      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9290514      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9199771      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2497281      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10699198      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798405      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582265      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435212      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270602074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    127481925                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    149813153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             56977675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            37414601                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19782996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       133220398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1451029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1435212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          433690349                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         331521173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               5195393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              14394004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         127481925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           149813153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    127481925                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.254980                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.254980                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.443463                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.443463                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      776739434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     182145661                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     196392139                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        19074                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       23703468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19397029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2313543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9746880                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9326399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2442488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       104822                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227999434                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            132552845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          23703468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11768887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27668101                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6326382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5466636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13952341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2316098                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    265116960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      237448859     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1292060      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2046347      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2772555      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2857669      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2413285      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1352036      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2002334      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12931815      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    265116960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082456                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      225677266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7808386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27617767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        31156                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3982384                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3900424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    162660115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2007                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3982384                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      226299560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1601017                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4785605                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27034348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1414043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    162602787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       193662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       616102                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    226860322                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    756480076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    756480076                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    196532966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       30327344                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        39963                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         4205735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     15225615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8244137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96748                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      2000873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        162396979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       154138001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18096934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43411339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1146                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265116960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199868075     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26845927     10.13%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13591452      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10244689      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8055691      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3264831      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2037511      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1067154      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141630      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265116960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29249     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97876     37.72%     49.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132325     51.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129638538     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2304522      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19316      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13957124      9.05%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8218501      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    154138001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536190                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            259450                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573673381                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180534646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151833702                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    154397451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2458615                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          155                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          631                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       122490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3982384                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1280274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137639                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162437248                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15225615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8244137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20647                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          631                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1341027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1307381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2648408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152019878                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13135053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2118122                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21353256                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       21601725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8218203                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            151833952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           151833702                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        87170622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       234944530                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528174                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371026                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114566732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    140972273                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21465017                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38958                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2342802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261134576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203284621     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28690415     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10820967      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5154517      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372567      1.67%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2488682      0.95%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2176403      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986955      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3159449      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261134576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    114566732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    140972273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20888644                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12766997                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             19436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         20328717                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       127013884                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2902865                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3159449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          420411637                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         328857032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3455487                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              22352259                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         114566732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           140972273                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    114566732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.509186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.509186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      684163189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     211500601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     150769324                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        38924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287469219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23259141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19018943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271807                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9811857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9198960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396352                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101469                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225964346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            131910390                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23259141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11595312                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27654589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6563361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4008226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13890748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    261868924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      234214335     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1494096      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2367860      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3764629      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1574119      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1767770      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1856748      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1224949      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13604418      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    261868924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      223905146                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6083731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27568339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        70456                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4241250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3816082                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    161111019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3213                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4241250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      224228762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1968156                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3153176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27321484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       956094                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    161025565                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        29518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       276994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       358293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        43544                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    223558160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    749055043                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    749055043                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    191212900                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       32345260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        41084                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22598                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2887877                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15353762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8251113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        160823937                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       152360683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       185769                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20177331                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44634505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3920                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261868924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197611680     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25791016      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14113573      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9609325      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8987258      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2595603      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006015      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684223      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470231      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261868924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35456     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109560     38.66%     51.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138383     48.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127642426     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405176      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18484      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14082076      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212521      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    152360683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283399                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567059458                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181044117                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149927676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    152644082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2734951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          347                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229785                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9477                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4241250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1306313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160865295                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15353762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22582                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1331497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1290945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2622442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150205884                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13249895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2154799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21460571                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21139974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8210676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            149928761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           149927676                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        87659438                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       228978572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112313969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    137666301                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23199254                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2319996                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257627674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201740883     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27063136     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10539590      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5676280      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254655      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372209      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462186      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307516      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211219      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257627674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112313969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    137666301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20640139                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12618811                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19760995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       124047552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2796336                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3211219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          415281256                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         325972581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3644408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              25600295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112313969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           137666301                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112313969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.559514                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.559514                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      677385424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     207835876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150269878                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        37252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         401544                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.445473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2441412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         434309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.621371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           216.991216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.043532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1532.663834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.179488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1545.699740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.193666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1660.054827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.424239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2022.180656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.212665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1669.845521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.835042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   977.014698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.257816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1667.164139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.552461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1202.633653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.340529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2531.603604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.540173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2528.215539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.590449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1182.824955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.560679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2017.330018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.639256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1198.658157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.355655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2498.389532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.632882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1224.427138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.326618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2009.754751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           293.900070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           302.995232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           288.213151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           347.119173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           308.375270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           250.440278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           306.478261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           268.608483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           315.993066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           355.552127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           322.860549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           371.640260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           304.449100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           389.797727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           260.787370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           349.098229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.046773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.050661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.061712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.050960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.029816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.050878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.036701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.077258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.077155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.036097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.061564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.036580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.076245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.037367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.061333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.008796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.007643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.009643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.009291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.007959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        39447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        48868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        56207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  663901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           207979                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                207979                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        39621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        56296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   666206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        39621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        48681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        40555                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        30326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        54858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        49020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        30978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        56296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        30267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        48532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  666206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                401346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 401394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22885                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12678                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                401394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5869649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3670966005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5349340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3609223972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6443906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3978754282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6131973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5575675904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6222461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3843462646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6795209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2118905460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3867219860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6447228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2724357587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6269118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6237322574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6781244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6078492166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6547885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2615260724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6138830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5532956714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2625132331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6023345092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6808392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2730700925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6553991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5582414776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66915683120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2123691                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       703347                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       454623                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2928367                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       157496                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       900116                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       844919                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       171205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8283764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5869649                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3673089696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5349340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3609927319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6443906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3978754282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6131973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5575675904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6222461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3843917269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6795209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2121833827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3867377356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6447228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2724357587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6269118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6238222690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6781244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6079337085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6547885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2615260724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6138830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5532956714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2625132331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6023516297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6808392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2730700925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6553991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5582414776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      66923966884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5869649                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3673089696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5349340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3609927319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6443906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3978754282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6131973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5575675904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6222461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3843917269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6795209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2121833827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6055352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3867377356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6447228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2724357587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6269118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6238222690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6781244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6079337085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6547885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2615260724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6138830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5532956714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6983666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2625132331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6093858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6023516297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6808392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2730700925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6553991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5582414776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     66923966884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        81903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        63263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        46580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        46527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1065247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       207979                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            207979                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        46729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        46753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        46695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1067600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        63262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        82055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        63440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        63326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        46710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        92431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        92553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        46729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        46753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        46695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1067600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.376763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.144578                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.047619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.055556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.020399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.406727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.375978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.406727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.375978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167704.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165956.871835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157333.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165857.450117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169576.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168298.899454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161367.710526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167066.456044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168174.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167968.824666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161790.690476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167356.880183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159351.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167906.385030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161180.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166281.591003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160746.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166027.538703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169531.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165820.775459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163697.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166704.533656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161548.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167376.250537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166410.924311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156252.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165845.565462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166058.341463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166222.359691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168051.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167238.309646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166728.167516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 176974.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 175836.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       151541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 172256.882353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       157496                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 180023.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 168983.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       171205                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172578.416667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167704.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165962.845473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157333.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165859.284126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169576.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168298.899454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161367.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167066.456044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168174.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167966.671138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161790.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167363.450623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159351.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167905.933053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161180.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166281.591003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160746.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166029.401166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169531.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165821.206835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163697.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166704.533656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161548.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167376.250537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166410.924311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156252.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165845.713023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166058.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166222.359691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168051.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167238.309646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166728.867108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167704.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165962.845473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157333.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 165859.284126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169576.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 168298.899454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 161367.710526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 167066.456044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168174.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 167966.671138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161790.690476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167363.450623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159351.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167905.933053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161180.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166281.591003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160746.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166029.401166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169531.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 165821.206835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163697.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 166704.533656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161548.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167376.250537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 170333.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 166410.924311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 156252.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 165845.713023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166058.341463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 166222.359691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168051.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167238.309646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166728.867108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               108065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    108065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           401346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            401394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        23641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        33374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        22885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        23033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        37573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        15688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        15775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        16428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        33380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           401394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3835924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2382493287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2341730362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4233525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602044225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3921795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3632491618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4070683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2510991687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4351128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1381697492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3843858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2526018110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4122045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1770311425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4001562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4050701823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3944932401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4221584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1701851093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3929540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3608164320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1706569145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3826010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3909519361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4422134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1774084265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4283674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3638807872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43547898935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1424613                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       470987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       280083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1939666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        98870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       608149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       554217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       112631                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5489216                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3835924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2383917900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2342201349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4233525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602044225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3921795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3632491618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4070683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2511271770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4351128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1383637158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3843858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2526116980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4122045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1770311425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4001562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4051309972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3945486618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4221584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1701851093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3929540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3608164320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1706569145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3826010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3909631992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4422134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1774084265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4283674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3638807872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43553388151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3835924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2383917900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3370932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2342201349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4233525                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2602044225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3921795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3632491618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4070683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2511271770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4351128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1383637158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3843858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2526116980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4122045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1770311425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4001562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4051309972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3945486618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4221584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1701851093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3929540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3608164320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4603055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1706569145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3826010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3909631992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4422134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1774084265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4283674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3638807872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43553388151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.374731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.407482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.364713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.352003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.403503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.338665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.353085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.408263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.376763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.144578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.047619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.055556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.406727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.375978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.354526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.406727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.305075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.350760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.406498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.396119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.402756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.337412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.392157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.407510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.375978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109597.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107707.653119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99145.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107611.339644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111408.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110064.896789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103205.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108841.961347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110018.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109736.547811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103598.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109130.202354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101154.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109674.284040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103051.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108051.234436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102604.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107823.195885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       111325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107617.437352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105539.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108481.074261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103408.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109149.781287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108181.879239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98102.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107643.915334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107856.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107991.494095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 109837.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109011.619892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108504.629260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 118717.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117746.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        93361                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       114098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        98870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121629.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110843.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       112631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114358.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109597.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107713.622809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99145.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107613.202343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111408.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110064.896789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103205.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108841.961347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110018.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109734.401136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103598.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109136.863701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101154.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109673.814961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103051.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108051.234436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102604.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107825.033189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       111325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107617.877312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105539.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108481.074261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103408.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109149.781287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108181.879239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98102.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107644.052643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107856.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107991.494095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 109837.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109011.619892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108505.329305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 109597.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107713.622809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 99145.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107613.202343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 111408.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110064.896789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 103205.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108841.961347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 110018.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109734.401136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103598.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109136.863701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101154.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109673.814961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 103051.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108051.234436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102604.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107825.033189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       111325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107617.877312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105539.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 108481.074261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103408.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109149.781287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 112269.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108181.879239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 98102.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107644.052643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107856.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107991.494095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 109837.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109011.619892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108505.329305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.736863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013971736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801015.516874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.595837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.141026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13939467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13939467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13939467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13939467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7826152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7826152                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7826152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7826152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7826152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7826152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13939512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13939512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13939512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13939512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173914.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173914.488889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173914.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173914.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173914.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173914.488889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6583770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6583770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182882.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182882.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243199631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.833942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.512874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.487126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.783253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.216747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20490221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20490221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24437037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24437037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24437037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24437037                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          407                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       216512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       216512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  24957547069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24957547069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     46195492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46195492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25003742561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25003742561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25003742561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25003742561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20706326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20706326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24653549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24653549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24653549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24653549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115488.059365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115488.059365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 113502.437346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113502.437346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115484.326786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115484.326786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 115484.326786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115484.326786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       153761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6612572072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6612572072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7125720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7125720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6619697792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6619697792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6619697792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6619697792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106065.893622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106065.893622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85852.048193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85852.048193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106039.018245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.018245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 106039.018245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.018245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              560.018138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013976995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1804229.528470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.001142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.016996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.054489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13944726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13944726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13944726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13944726                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7214970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7214970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7214970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7214970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7214970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7214970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13944770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13944770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13944770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13944770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163976.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163976.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163976.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163976.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163976.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163976.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5861104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5861104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5861104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5861104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167460.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167460.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167460.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167460.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167460.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167460.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              243203984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                62670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3880.708218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   199.821860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    56.178140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.780554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.219446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20493729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20493729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3947658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3947658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     24441387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       24441387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     24441387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      24441387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       216036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       216450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       216450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       216450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       216450                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24839143949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24839143949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     39745639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39745639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24878889588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24878889588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24878889588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24878889588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20709765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20709765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3948072                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9325                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9260                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     24657837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24657837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     24657837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24657837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114976.873989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114976.873989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 96003.958937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96003.958937                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114940.584837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114940.584837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114940.584837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114940.584837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7656                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       153706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       154036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       154036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6570237110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6570237110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6133094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6133094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6576370204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6576370204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6576370204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6576370204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105410.510348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105410.510348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73013.023810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73013.023810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105366.908130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105366.908130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105366.908130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105366.908130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              520.024038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088387409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2089035.333973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.024038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13719582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13719582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13719582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13719582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13719582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13719582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8247102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8247102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8247102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8247102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8247102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8247102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13719630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13719630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13719630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13719630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13719630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13719630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171814.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171814.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171814.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171814.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 171814.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171814.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6941855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6941855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6941855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6941855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177996.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177996.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177996.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177996.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 177996.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177996.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                63262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186259236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2932.385088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.251994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.748006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9678375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9678375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8188602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8188602                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18845                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17866977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17866977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17866977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17866977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       216185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       220086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       220086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  28879594928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28879594928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    491030404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    491030404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29370625332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29370625332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  29370625332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29370625332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9894560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9894560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8192503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8192503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18845                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18087063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18087063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18087063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18087063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133587.413225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133587.413225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125872.956678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125872.956678                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133450.675336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133450.675336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 133450.675336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133450.675336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           20947                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       153097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       156824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        63262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6892200187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6892200187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11702863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11702863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6903903050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6903903050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6903903050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6903903050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109247.403421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109247.403421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 67257.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67257.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109131.912523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109131.912523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109131.912523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109131.912523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              528.007460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1093076825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2066307.797732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.007460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13890348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13890348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13890348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13890348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13890348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13890348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8563144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8563144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8563144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8563144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8563144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8563144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13890400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13890400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13890400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13890400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13890400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13890400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164675.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164675.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164675.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164675.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164675.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164675.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6593653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6593653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169068.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169068.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169068.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169068.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169068.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169068.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                82055                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              194774766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                82311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2366.327295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.378512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.621488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.915541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.084459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9632041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9632041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7982067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7982067                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22368                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22368                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17614108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17614108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17614108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17614108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       208876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       209792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       209792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       209792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       209792                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25890601791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25890601791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     79067035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79067035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25969668826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25969668826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25969668826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25969668826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9840917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9840917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7982983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7982983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        22368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22368                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17823900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17823900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17823900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17823900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123952.018379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123952.018379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86317.723799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86317.723799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123787.698416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123787.698416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123787.698416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123787.698416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       126973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127737                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        81903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        82055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        82055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9198437175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9198437175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10241079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10241079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9208678254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9208678254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9208678254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9208678254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112308.916340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112308.916340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67375.519737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67375.519737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112225.680994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112225.680994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112225.680994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112225.680994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.326539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1088399361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2093075.694231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.326539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13731534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13731534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13731534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13731534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13731534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13731534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8440471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8440471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8440471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8440471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8440471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8440471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13731583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13731583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13731583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13731583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13731583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13731583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172254.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172254.510204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172254.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172254.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172254.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172254.510204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6961301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6961301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6961301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6961301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183192.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183192.131579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183192.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183192.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183192.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183192.131579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                63440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              186267118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                63696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2924.314211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.252800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.747200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9681169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9681169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8193851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8193851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17875020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17875020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17875020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17875020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       216134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       220054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       220054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       220054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       220054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28639120174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28639120174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    497658632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    497658632                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  29136778806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29136778806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  29136778806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29136778806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9897303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9897303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8197771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8197771                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19983                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19983                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18095074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18095074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18095074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18095074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132506.316332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132506.316332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 126953.732653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126953.732653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132407.403665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132407.403665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132407.403665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132407.403665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           21659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       156614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       156614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        63263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        63440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6812433528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6812433528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12244071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12244071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6824677599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6824677599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6824677599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6824677599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107684.326194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107684.326194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69175.542373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69175.542373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107576.885230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107576.885230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107576.885230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107576.885230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.364634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090189927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2180379.854000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.364634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14065913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14065913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14065913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14065913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14065913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14065913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9535987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9535987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9535987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9535987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9535987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9535987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14065970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14065970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14065970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14065970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14065970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14065970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167298.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167298.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167298.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167298.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167298.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167298.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7493937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7493937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7493937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166531.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166531.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166531.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166531.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166531.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166531.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                41557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              177958318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4256.052376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.464362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.535638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11228905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11228905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8335854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8335854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20245                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19564759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19564759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19564759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19564759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       106515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       109069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       109069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       109069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11636148775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11636148775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    188826392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    188826392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11824975167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11824975167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11824975167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11824975167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11335420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11335420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8338408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8338408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21997                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        20245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20245                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19673828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19673828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19673828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19673828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109244.226400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109244.226400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 73933.591229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73933.591229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108417.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108417.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108417.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108417.379521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       345730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 43216.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        65218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        67512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        41557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4163943748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4163943748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21663016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21663016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4185606764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4185606764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4185606764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4185606764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100829.206674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100829.206674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83319.292308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83319.292308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100719.656472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100719.656472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100719.656472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100719.656472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.725440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088396645                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2089053.061420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.725440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13728818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13728818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13728818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13728818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13728818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13728818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7743102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7743102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7743102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7743102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7743102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7743102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13728865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13728865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13728865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13728865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13728865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13728865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164746.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164746.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164746.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164746.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164746.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164746.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6660994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6660994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6660994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6660994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170794.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170794.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170794.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170794.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170794.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170794.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                63326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186273753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2929.661744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.253354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.746646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9687681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9687681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8193999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8193999                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17881680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17881680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17881680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17881680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       219628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       219628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       219628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  28619803220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28619803220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    507045183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    507045183                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29126848403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29126848403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29126848403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29126848403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9903390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9903390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8197918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8197918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18857                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18101308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18101308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18101308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18101308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132677.835510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132677.835510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129381.266394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129381.266394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132619.012161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132619.012161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 132619.012161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132619.012161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        90417                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        90417                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           21316                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       156302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        63326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6819649047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6819649047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12010715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12010715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6831659762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6831659762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6831659762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6831659762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107989.565438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107989.565438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68632.657143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.657143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107880.803493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107880.803493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107880.803493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107880.803493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              516.082626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087086888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2102682.568665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.082626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.065838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13951351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13951351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13951351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13951351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13951351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13951351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9022371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9022371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9022371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9022371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9022371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9022371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13951404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13951404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13951404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13951404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13951404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13951404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170233.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170233.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170233.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7429621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7429621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7429621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7429621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7429621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7429621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176895.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176895.738095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176895.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176895.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 176895.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176895.738095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                46710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              179923447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                46966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3830.929758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.498731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.501269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9606759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9606759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8085747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8085747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20604                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19468                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17692506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17692506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17692506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17692506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       149678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       150634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       150634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       150634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18721606958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18721606958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     82121875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82121875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18803728833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18803728833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  18803728833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18803728833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9756437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9756437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8086703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8086703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19468                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17843140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17843140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17843140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17843140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 125079.216438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125079.216438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 85901.542887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85901.542887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124830.574990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124830.574990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 124830.574990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124830.574990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          791                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       103924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        46710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4920010014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4920010014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11035429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11035429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4931045443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4931045443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4931045443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4931045443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105704.372414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105704.372414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66881.387879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66881.387879                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105567.232777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105567.232777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105567.232777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105567.232777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.207497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1121117983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1923015.408233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.182297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.025200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13590665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13590665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13590665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13590665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13590665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13590665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8829342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8829342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8829342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8829342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8829342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8829342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13590716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13590716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13590716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13590716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13590716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13590716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173124.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173124.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173124.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173124.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173124.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173124.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7310725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7310725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7310725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7310725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7310725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7310725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182768.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182768.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182768.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182768.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 182768.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182768.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                92431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              490355345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                92687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5290.443590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.917328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.082672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     35624718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35624718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19506170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19506170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55130888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       55130888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     55130888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      55130888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       325990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       326289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       326289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       326289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       326289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  39973736920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39973736920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28242282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28242282                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  40001979202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40001979202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  40001979202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40001979202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     35950708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35950708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19506469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19506469                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55457177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55457177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     55457177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55457177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122622.586337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122622.586337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94455.792642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94455.792642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122596.775258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122596.775258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122596.775258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122596.775258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           15820                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       233649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       233649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       233858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       233858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       233858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       233858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        92431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10470067232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10470067232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6945415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6945415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10477012647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10477012647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10477012647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10477012647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113384.815326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113384.815326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 77171.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77171.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113349.554230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113349.554230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 113349.554230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113349.554230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              580.116745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1121123843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1919732.607877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.045122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   540.071622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.865499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13596525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13596525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13596525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9755984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9755984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9755984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9755984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9755984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9755984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13596576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13596576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13596576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13596576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191293.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191293.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191293.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191293.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 191293.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191293.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8076676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8076676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8076676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8076676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8076676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8076676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196992.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196992.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196992.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196992.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 196992.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 196992.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                92553                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              490432117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                92809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5284.316359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.916572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.083428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     35672015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35672015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19535623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55207638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       55207638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     55207638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      55207638                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       327948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       327948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       327948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39849445272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39849445272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28250779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28250779                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39877696051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39877696051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39877696051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39877696051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     35999665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35999665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19535921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55535586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55535586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     55535586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55535586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121621.990758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121621.990758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94801.271812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94801.271812                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121597.619290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121597.619290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 121597.619290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121597.619290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           17055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       235395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235395                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10371312482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10371312482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7018753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7018753                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10378331235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10378331235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  10378331235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10378331235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112167.163968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112167.163968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77986.144444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77986.144444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112133.925805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112133.925805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 112133.925805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112133.925805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.902219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1087093600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2098636.293436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.902219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13958063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13958063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13958063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13958063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13958063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13958063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8784294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8784294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8784294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8784294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8784294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8784294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13958114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13958114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13958114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13958114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13958114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13958114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172241.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172241.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7425790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7425790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7425790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7425790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7425790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7425790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172692.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172692.790698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172692.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172692.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172692.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172692.790698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                46729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              179934405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                46985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3829.613813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.499488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.500512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9612661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9612661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8090756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8090756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20640                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17703417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17703417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17703417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17703417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       149775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       150763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       150763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       150763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       150763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18604716372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18604716372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85599969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85599969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18690316341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18690316341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  18690316341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18690316341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9762436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9762436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8091744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8091744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20640                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17854180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17854180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17854180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17854180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124217.769134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124217.769134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86639.644737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86639.644737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123971.507207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123971.507207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123971.507207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123971.507207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        46729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        46729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4857830850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4857830850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11273311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11273311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4869104161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4869104161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4869104161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4869104161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104334.855026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104334.855026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66705.982249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66705.982249                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104198.766526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104198.766526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104198.766526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104198.766526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              527.765127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1093080934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2066315.565217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.765127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13894457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13894457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13894457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13894457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13894457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13894457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8134515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8134515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8134515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8134515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8134515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8134515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13894505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13894505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13894505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13894505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13894505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13894505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169469.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169469.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169469.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169469.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169469.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169469.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6776209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6776209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6776209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6776209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173748.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173748.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173748.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173748.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82077                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              194780312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                82333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2365.762355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.380198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.619802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9634911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7984849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7984849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22257                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17619760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17619760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17619760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17619760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       209194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       210115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       210115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       210115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       210115                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25836602036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25836602036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     80123096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80123096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25916725132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25916725132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25916725132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25916725132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9844105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9844105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7985770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7985770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        22257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22257                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17829875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17829875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17829875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17829875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123505.464000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123505.464000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86995.761129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86995.761129                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123345.430512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123345.430512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 123345.430512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123345.430512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       128038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       128038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       128038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       128038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        81925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9171177227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9171177227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10390838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10390838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9181568065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9181568065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9181568065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9181568065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111946.014367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111946.014367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68360.776316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68360.776316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111865.298013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111865.298013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111865.298013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111865.298013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.920665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1087093107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2094591.728324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    42.920665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.068783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13957570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13957570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13957570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       13957570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     13957570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      13957570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10121292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10121292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13957622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13957622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13957622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     13957622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     13957622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     13957622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 194640.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8266582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8266582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187876.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                46753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              179937762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                47009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3827.730052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.499927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.500073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9613334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9613334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8093323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8093323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20749                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17706657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       17706657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17706657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      17706657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       149757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       150774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       150774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       150774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       150774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18575876821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18575876821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88038611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88038611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18663915432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18663915432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18663915432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18663915432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9763091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9763091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8094340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8094340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20749                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17857431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17857431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17857431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17857431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 124040.123807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124040.123807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86566.972468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86566.972468                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123787.360102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123787.360102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123787.360102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123787.360102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       103177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       104021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       104021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104021                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        46580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        46753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        46753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4857416586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4857416586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11560259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11560259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4868976845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4868976845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4868976845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4868976845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104281.163289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104281.163289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66822.306358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66822.306358                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104142.554382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.554382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104142.554382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.554382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              578.724252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1121127421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1923031.596913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    38.618912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.105340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.061889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.865553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13600103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13600103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13600103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13600103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13600103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13600103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8241106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8241106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8241106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8241106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8241106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8241106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13600153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13600153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13600153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13600153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13600153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13600153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164822.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164822.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164822.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164822.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 164822.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164822.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6727722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6727722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6727722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6727722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168193.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168193.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168193.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168193.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168193.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168193.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                92616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              490454895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                92872                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5280.976990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.916549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.083451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     35686426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35686426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19543425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19543425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9537                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55229851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       55229851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55229851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      55229851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          294                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       328527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       328527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39851590774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39851590774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26948452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26948452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39878539226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39878539226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39878539226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39878539226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     36014659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36014659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19543719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19543719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        10101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9537                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55558378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55558378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55558378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55558378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121412.505062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121412.505062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91661.401361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91661.401361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121385.880692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121385.880692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121385.880692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121385.880692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           17550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          204                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10341068086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10341068086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6769589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6769589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10347837675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10347837675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10347837675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10347837675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111763.915937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111763.915937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 75217.655556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75217.655556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111728.401950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111728.401950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 111728.401950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111728.401950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              516.883854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1087087826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2098625.146718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    41.883854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13952289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13952289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13952289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13952289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13952289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13952289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9059865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9059865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9059865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9059865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9059865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9059865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13952341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13952341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13952341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13952341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13952341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13952341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174228.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174228.173077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174228.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174228.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174228.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174228.173077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7499823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7499823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7499823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7499823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7499823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7499823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174414.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174414.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174414.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174414.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174414.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174414.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                46695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              179918127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                46951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3832.040361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.497598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.502402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9603987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9603987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8083312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8083312                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20497                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17687299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17687299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17687299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17687299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       149568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          977                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       150545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       150545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       150545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       150545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18744348235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18744348235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     85967223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85967223                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18830315458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18830315458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  18830315458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18830315458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9753555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9753555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8084289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8084289                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20497                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        19462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17837844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17837844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17837844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17837844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125323.252534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125323.252534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87991.016377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87991.016377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125080.975509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125080.975509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125080.975509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125080.975509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            9856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        46527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        46695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        46695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4925077265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4925077265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11523970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11523970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4936601235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936601235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4936601235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4936601235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105854.176392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105854.176392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68595.059524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68595.059524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105720.124960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105720.124960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105720.124960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105720.124960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              529.017049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1093077175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2062409.764151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.017049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13890698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13890698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13890698                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8720287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8720287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8720287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8720287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8720287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8720287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13890748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13890748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13890748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174405.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174405.740000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174405.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174405.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 174405.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174405.740000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7070271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7070271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7070271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7070271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7070271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7070271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176756.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176756.775000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176756.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176756.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 176756.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176756.775000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                81912                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              194774588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                82168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2370.443336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.383505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.616495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9631130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9631130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7982785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7982785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22381                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22381                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18626                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17613915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17613915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17613915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17613915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       208696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       209606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       209606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       209606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       209606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25873032972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25873032972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     78949923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78949923                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25951982895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25951982895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  25951982895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25951982895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9839826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9839826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7983695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7983695                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        22381                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22381                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17823521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17823521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17823521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17823521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123974.743033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123974.743033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86758.157143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86758.157143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123813.168015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123813.168015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123813.168015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123813.168015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       126935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9188900968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9188900968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10248188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10248188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9199149156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9199149156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9199149156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9199149156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112387.335869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112387.335869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 67868.794702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67868.794702                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112305.268532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112305.268532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 112305.268532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112305.268532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
