
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106038390819                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632225375583                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 211249                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   270032                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1308064                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67763312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 81065.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17124915919                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21890209281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2224384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4182400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3566080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2229760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2226944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2218624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4184192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2217344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1467136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4172800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2215296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1466496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3568896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2233088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             43489664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9484160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9484160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        17378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        32675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        27860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        32693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        27882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        17446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                339763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20977157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39442319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33630084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21027856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21001299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20922837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39464047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39459218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20910766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13835895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39351785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20891452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13829859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33656641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21059241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410131309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        43456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             737544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          89440814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               89440814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          89440814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9933308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        43456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20977157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39442319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33630084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21027856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21001299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20922837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        51906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39464047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39459218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20910766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13835895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39351785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20891452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13829859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33656641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        42249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21059241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              499572123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002116                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8468346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081150                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374213                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191893974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17502023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913605                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238182359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212954873     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547630      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952721      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308168      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685593      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950111      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894211      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794746      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238182359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475818                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190768591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18741195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147911897                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2616                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        617935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17581920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205287437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683604694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683604694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400903                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35612                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18564                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904841                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13768422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200163                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143514360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137728963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127494                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35242840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1351                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238182359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179820921     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614818     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10889852      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097131      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8265964      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540963      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500319      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346665      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105726      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238182359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938851     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129352     10.86%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122801     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116029801     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883334      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620453      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178328      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137728963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191004                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514958782                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160884429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134142365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138919967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102304                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2596488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100827                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143550111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13768422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200163                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52060                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126339                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309497                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135327331                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2401631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141123                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7177655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134142813                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134142365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80386936                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215922005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527520                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372296                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20327373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019259                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525184                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182475967     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431900     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592265      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782050      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375922      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835530      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817988      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865925      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451248      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451248                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375727523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290654958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608911843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187442521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18665101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15307865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831499                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7828143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7294214                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918023                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178330226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            106057430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18665101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9212237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23336195                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5195325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     16840740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10987979                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    221838310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198502115     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2531032      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2930838      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1611918      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1843642      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1025099      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         698162      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1802787      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10892717      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    221838310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.417075                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      176869445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     18328976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23140218                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       185659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3314010                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3027814                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17139                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    129468467                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        84957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3314010                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      177153782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6061624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     11471231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23048600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       789061                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    129388836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       200967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       364513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           49                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    179818600                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    602378571                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    602378571                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    153662696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       26155904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        34275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19258                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2114925                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     12368474                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6727866                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       177097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1493612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        129180431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       122153095                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173581                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16041603                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36971263                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221838310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170361207     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20709730      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11129708      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7695532      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6727355      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3438682      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838799      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       536647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400650      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221838310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32325     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112237     42.67%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118478     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102245830     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1907238      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14965      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11305463      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6679599      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    122153095                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.480372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            263040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466581121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145257548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120112007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    122416135                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307610                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2186454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          711                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       139887                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7485                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4290                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3314010                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       5626019                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       134784                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129214912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12368474                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6727866                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19285                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1025260                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2089494                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120343594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10616110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1809501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           17294318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16842238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6678208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            120114090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           120112007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71391040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       186934007                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90235369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    110707839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18508387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1842035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218524300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173294182     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20975378      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8789575      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5284295      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3654562      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2364521      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224268      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986187      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1951332      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218524300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     90235369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    110707839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             16769999                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10182020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15060                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15844180                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        99807593                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2252371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1951332                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          345788583                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         261746525                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2733812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              32450398                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          90235369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           110707839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     90235369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.818060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.818060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      542865643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     166707441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     120836302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        30158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       17192434                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15513548                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       900383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6588452                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6149128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         949270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39810                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182444259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            108045623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          17192434                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7098398                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            21371994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       2836098                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     25253989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10465526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    230983492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      209611498     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         763478      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1553864      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         668497      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3551990      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3168168      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         614197      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1279586      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9772214      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    230983492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424894                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      180565446                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     27144229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        21292989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        68093                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      1912730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1508958                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    126684969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2741                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      1912730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      180804822                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      25250121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1068779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        21149781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       797254                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    126617327                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       405855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       261132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    148646241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    596321178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    596321178                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    131832506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       16813723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        14691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1834827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     29876444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     15109950                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138781                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       733520                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        126371678                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       121466891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9776518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23470044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           77                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230983492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187361340     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13323290      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10777318      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4650492      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5815510      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5516653      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3134433      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250062      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154394      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230983492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305512     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335669     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68335      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76196615     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060543      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29128876     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15073585     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    121466891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2709516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476696282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136166026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120433228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    124176407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1159918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3106                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95083                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10704                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      1912730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      24629264                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       236655                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126386500                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29876444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15109950                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7415                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146302                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3106                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       525770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1056135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120623398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29034920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       843493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           44106950                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       15807000                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         15072030                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474356                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            120436423                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           120433228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        65060715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       128439796                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97852102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    114992215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11408113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       920166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229070762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187212259     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15400824      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7176049      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7058753      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951487      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8079533      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613355      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448725      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1129777      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229070762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97852102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    114992215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             43731386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            28716519                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15185249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102255765                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1129777                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          354341027                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         254713583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3918242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              23305216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97852102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           114992215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97852102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.598705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.598705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384807                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384807                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      596333008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     139853867                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150854337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17879287                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14620869                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1748314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7583227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7074947                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1840827                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173692270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            101388609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17879287                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      8915774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21262465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5062838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      7966532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10679868                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    206197124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      184934659     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1154711      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1825850      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2890530      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1208785      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1359117      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1430948      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         935424      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       10457100      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    206197124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070311                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398715                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      172057685                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      9614374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21196304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        53367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3275392                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      2931809                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          442                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    123820219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2827                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3275392                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      172311927                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2035106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      6816143                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        20999890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       758664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    123738462                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        30963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       212671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       275217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58334                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    171768368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    575611251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    575611251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    146796019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       24972337                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        32103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17907                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2230802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     11805081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6344346                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191678                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        123566133                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       117046923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15492575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34401929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3570                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206197124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156793792     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19859306      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10847697      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7384604      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6892891      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1992728      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1538602      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528437      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359067      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206197124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27169     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82274     38.26%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105577     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98048487     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1847708      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14193      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10825766      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6310769      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    117046923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.460291                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215020                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440654477                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139092193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115176055                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    117261943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       354679                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2116297                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          333                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185184                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7283                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3275392                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1293279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107299                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123598463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11805081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6344346                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17899                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       994557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2018596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115389763                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10182738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           16491977                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       16246239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6309239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.453775                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            115176861                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           115176055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        67341713                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       175884830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.452934                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86227458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    105692916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17906039                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28627                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1785677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202921732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160015994     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20777445     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8089326      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4360210      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3263573      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1822481      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1123299      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005534      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2463870      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202921732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     86227458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    105692916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             15847944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             9688782                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             14282                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15171859                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        95237148                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2147141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2463870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          324056245                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         250473501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2814393                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              48091584                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          86227458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           105692916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     86227458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.949046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.949046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.339093                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.339093                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      520371027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     159646937                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     115499925                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        28602                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254286375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17500765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15619168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1388304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11565205                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11402428                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41868                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184689278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             99377606                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17500765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12449885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            22146838                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4562455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7465174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11171787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362702                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    217467601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      195320763     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3374571      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1704848      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3334293      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1068156      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3083511      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         485343      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         795221      0.37%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8300895      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    217467601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.390810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      182919546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9277077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        22103315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        17760                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1660756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        16413                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    111186906                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        31211                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      183122295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6005995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      2633503                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21902216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       653689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    111022737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        85108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       501877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    145494667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    503118338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    503118338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    118015260                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27479285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        14907                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7539                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1506053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     19991300                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3260405                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       742906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        110438436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14960                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       103445863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19915211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40691074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217467601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172127881     79.15%     79.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14262850      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15189201      6.98%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8791348      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4546463      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1140105      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1350855      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32124      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26774      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217467601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173797     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71458     23.52%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58571     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81122998     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811153      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18273635     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3230709      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    103445863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.406809                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424735349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130368882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100814054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    103749689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        80371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4056085                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82100                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3149899                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5259564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110453468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19991300                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3260405                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       935592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       537359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1472951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102131220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18008911                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1314643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21239460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       15522781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3230549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.401639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            100836821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           100814054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        60981281                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       132845203                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.396459                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459040                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80288637                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     90402816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20054975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1379519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214317702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180658982     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13226827      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8493916      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2673867      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4434445      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       868877      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549281      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       503351      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2908156      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214317702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     80288637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     90402816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19113469                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            15935183                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         13870982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        79006121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1131381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2908156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          321867038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         224068105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4116488                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              36818774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          80288637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            90402816                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     80288637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.167153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.167153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      474679511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     131354351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     118061751                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17493860                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15615902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1387597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11587829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11401699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1049471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41824                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184660691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             99356302                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17493860                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12451170                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            22145447                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4560454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      7344735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11170223                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1362023                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    217315891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      195170444     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3373621      1.55%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1705077      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3337049      1.54%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1070734      0.49%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3085420      1.42%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         487054      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         791068      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8295424      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    217315891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390722                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      182890897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      9156818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        22101837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        17722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3148613                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1656744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        16405                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    111152192                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        31084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3148613                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      183092002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       5857417                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      2660762                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21902525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       654568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    110991095                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        86670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       501670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    145479024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    503037878                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    503037878                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    118012360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27466649                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        14907                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7540                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1506156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     19994507                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3258815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19975                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       744084                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        110418156                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14960                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       103404418                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19896320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40726858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    217315891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171988190     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14256348      6.56%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15195708      6.99%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8789392      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4537793      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1138695      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1351370      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31549      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26846      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    217315891                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173444     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71390     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58474     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     81096874     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       811423      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7368      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18257484     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3231269      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    103404418                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406642                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    424495373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    130329701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100791004                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    103707726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4059527                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80649                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3148613                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5112283                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78421                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110433192                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19994507                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3258815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7537                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2127                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          273                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       934201                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       538282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1472483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    102098657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18000448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1305761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21231546                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15521454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3231098                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401507                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            100814111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           100791004                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        60982326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       132895111                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.396364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458876                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80286930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     90400671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20036985                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14860                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1378825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    214167278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180510198     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13223877      6.17%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8496183      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2674222      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4433973      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       867680      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       549435      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       502820      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2908890      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    214167278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     80286930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     90400671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19113143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            15934977                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7414                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         13870660                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        79004169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1131323                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2908890                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          321695745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         224026385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4118926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              36972817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          80286930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            90400671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     80286930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.167249                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.167249                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      474563080                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     131336128                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     118042094                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        14846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       17440764                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15563196                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1383800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11515411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11361984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41662                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    184015625                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             99021299                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          17440764                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     12408739                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22066723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4546530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      7507500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11132100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1358505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    216744775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      194678052     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3359750      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1697394      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3321014      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1068181      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3075291      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         486183      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         792221      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8266689      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    216744775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389405                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      182250974                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      9314390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22023166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        17704                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3138537                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1657088                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        16369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    110787148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        31091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3138537                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      182451573                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6019519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2657900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21824521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       652721                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    110627241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        86769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       500050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    144996368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    501377264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    501377264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    117619423                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27376915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        14889                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7544                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1499278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     19915842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3249046                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       741639                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        110051385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       103064112                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        67651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19836136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40573446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          123                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216744775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171566572     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14214727      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15138169      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8761393      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4521509      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1136106      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1348444      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31202      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26653      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216744775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173141     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71263     23.54%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58286     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80837822     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       808818      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7346      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18188731     17.65%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3221395      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    103064112                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405304                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002937                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423243338                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129902728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100458042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    103366802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        81387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4039500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80240                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3138537                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5278320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110066412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19915842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3249046                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7538                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        37161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2074                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       932530                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       536561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1469091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101758198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17929952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1305912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21151188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       15470901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3221236                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400168                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            100480974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           100458042                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        60773393                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       132484933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395055                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     80011665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     90095747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19975070                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1375048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213606238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180059523     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13184200      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8466180      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2664721      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4418993      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       865186      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547419      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       501520      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2898496      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213606238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     80011665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     90095747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             19045139                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            15876333                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7392                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         13823352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        78739301                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1128003                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2898496                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          320778260                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         223282618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4103902                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              37543933                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          80011665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            90095747                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     80011665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.178145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.178145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      472962150                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     130906282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     117637978                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        14806                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       17184900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15507110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       900022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6424935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6139908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182320786                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            108004504                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          17184900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7088461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            21360880                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       2838586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     25475314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10458883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231073141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      209712261     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         762172      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1551605      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         668038      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3549024      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3166385      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         611097      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1281832      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        9770727      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231073141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424732                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      180413095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     27394454                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        21281588                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        68318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      1915681                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1508134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          480                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    126641872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      1915681                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      180654416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      25447675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1114722                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        21136685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       803957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    126574154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         1510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       415410                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       263797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6692                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    148601230                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    596116770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    596116770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    131753737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       16847439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        14691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1852799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     29860961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     15099666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138156                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       732819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        126329042                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       121398512                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9812896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23605366                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231073141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187468563     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13318511      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10775264      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4652021      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5814747      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5508820      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3130663      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250072      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154480      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231073141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        306021     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2332802     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68285      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76158696     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1060457      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29108501     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15063590     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    121398512                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477404                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2707108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476646667                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136159766                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120361864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    124105620                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217970                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1162884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3098                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94378                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10698                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      1915681                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      24827265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239087                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126343860                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29860961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15099666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7422                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3098                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       532531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1055921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120552148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29014709                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           44076805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       15797111                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         15062096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474076                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            120365075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           120361864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        65028337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       128411064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473328                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97792339                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    114922221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11435343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14646                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       919709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229157460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187322210     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15395978      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7172852      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7052993      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951397      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8067550      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       614558      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448502      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1131420      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229157460                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     97792339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    114922221                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             43703360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            28698072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              7312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15176070                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       102193599                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1113194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1131420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          354383318                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         254631032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3912652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              23215567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          97792339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           114922221                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     97792339                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.600293                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.600293                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384572                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384572                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      595960786                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     139775808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     150783596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        14624                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17208173                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15529575                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       901859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6428230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6156043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         943919                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182433030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            108121503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17208173                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7099962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21393291                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2857188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     25255506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10467435                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       905653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231015254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.850187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      209621963     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         761306      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1567182      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         670026      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3550727      1.54%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3157309      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         609471      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1278882      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9798388      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231015254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.425192                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      180553806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     27146607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21314202                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        68223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1932411                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1508791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    126832058                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2680                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1932411                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      180795308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      25235837                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1092330                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21169710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       789653                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    126758151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       402241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       262313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6383                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    148782526                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    596930730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    596930730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    131830206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       16952308                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        14694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7419                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1839347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     29905950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15124224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137712                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       727242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        126506328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       121540398                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9920149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23894625                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231015254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187380448     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13318344      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10771729      4.66%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4659059      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5828449      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5516265      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3135044      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       251294      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154622      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231015254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305987     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2336393     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68316      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76242421     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061151      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7272      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29155826     23.99%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15073728     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    121540398                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2710696                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476888628                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136444337                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120486207                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    124251094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1190424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          479                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3129                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10706                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1932411                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      24627059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       235697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126521147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29905950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15124224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7421                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3129                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       525665                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       534490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1060155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120692056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29049254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       848342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  82                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           44121468                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       15808260                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15072214                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474626                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            120489412                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           120486207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        65081417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       128480862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473817                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97849902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    114989715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11545328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14654                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       921580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229082843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187226200     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15401738      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7174695      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7056139      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1954088      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8075107      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       616011      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448703      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130162      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229082843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     97849902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    114989715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             43729886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            28715519                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7316                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15184949                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       102253565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1113808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1130162                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          354487438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         255002706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3917167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              23273454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          97849902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           114989715                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     97849902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.598763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.598763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      596589243                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     139912418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150929062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14632                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17426710                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15553331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1382795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11543555                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11356275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1043810                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183888928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             98952635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17426710                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     12400085                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            22054560                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4543318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7563667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11124675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1357438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    216659890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511812                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      194605330     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3359555      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1698551      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3320860      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1065251      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3071332      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         484395      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         791167      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8263449      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    216659890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068531                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.389135                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      182131048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9363523                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        22011162                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        17759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3136394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1653117                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        16341                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    110713975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        31047                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3136394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      182332383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6076771                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2653289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21811371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       649678                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    110550983                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        85227                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       498002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    144883629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    500990940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    500990940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    117520294                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       27363315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        14855                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7518                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1496868                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     19902957                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3247642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       740321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        109967200                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14910                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       103004483                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71693                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19825045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40515869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216659890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171513417     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14200627      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15126177      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8756640      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4523648      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1134464      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1346349      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31968      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26600      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216659890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173142     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71080     23.50%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58200     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80777532     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       808147      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7338      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18193452     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3218014      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    103004483                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.405069                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423042969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129807401                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100384542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    103306905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82266                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4036692                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82238                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3136394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5331487                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    109982185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19902957                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3247642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38014                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2108                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       933502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       534266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1467768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101694283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17929080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1310198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21146927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       15456714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3217847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.399917                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            100407446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           100384542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        60723120                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       132292427                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.394766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.459007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     79948977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     90022122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19964455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14801                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1374049                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213523496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180007112     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13170384      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8459726      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2661719      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4415910      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       863547      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547183      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       500664      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2897251      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213523496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     79948977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     90022122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             19031664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            15866260                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7384                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         13812336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        78674067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1126804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2897251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          320612523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         223112012                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4099505                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              37628818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          79948977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            90022122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     79948977                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.180637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.180637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.314402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.314402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      472648221                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     130797747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     117556740                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14788                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19669494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16093161                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8050982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189469543                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110041669                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19669494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9766889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22959177                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5249664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10225506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11591058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    225959382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      203000205     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1066549      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1696569      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2302729      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2368203      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2003564      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1120667      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1672185      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10728711      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    225959382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077351                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187519959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12194053                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22916612                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3238493                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    135011814                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      188030661                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1676283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9324962                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22437822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1187023                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    134965581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       176661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       509109                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    188344559                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627877879                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627877879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    163318853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25025706                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3524295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12620646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6849068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        134812866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128036184                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17635                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14875868                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35627829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225959382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171745744     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22324932      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11291275      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8503204      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6683976      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2701257      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704617      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885817      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118560      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225959382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24476     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77919     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110065     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107683430     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1913034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16052      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11596158      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6827510      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128036184                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503507                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212460                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482261845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149722834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126121143                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    128248644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2010693                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99283                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302628                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1386123                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134846572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12620646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6849068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98573                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1119199                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2198778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126273218                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10913356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17740597                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17943031                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6827241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126121344                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126121143                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        72388801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       195056750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495976                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95204101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    117147714                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17698879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32381                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1945936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222656754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174565589     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23850642     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8998521      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4290420      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3633147      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076201      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1801146      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820403      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620685      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222656754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     95204101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    117147714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17359738                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10609953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16892806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       105548743                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2412320                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2620685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          354881999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         272995873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2871106                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              28329326                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          95204101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           117147714                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     95204101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      568324369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     175683911                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     125178247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17151675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15477078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       903451                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7098524                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6150113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         947347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40170                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182188987                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            107774940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17151675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7097460                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21327851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2834113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     25111383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10454770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       907303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    230536204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548473                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      209208353     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         760938      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1558753      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         666581      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3543147      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3160679      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         619562      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1274227      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9743964      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    230536204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067450                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      180305372                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     27006229                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21249118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        67972                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1907508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1504691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          475                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    126383290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2718                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1907508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      180545150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      25070620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1111147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21105352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       796422                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126312986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         1923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       404729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       261587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12625                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    148291917                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    594881219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    594881219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    131542050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       16749861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1836953                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     29816495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15082182                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138422                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       729890                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126071805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14711                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       121231950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72728                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9707886                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23168588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230536204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186969850     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13328808      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10762171      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4643188      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5802065      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5498309      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3127678      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249717      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154418      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230536204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304742     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2328735     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68080      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76051463     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1056855      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7256      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29075656     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15040720     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    121231950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2701557                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475774389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135797547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120194966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    123933507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1163145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          488                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10686                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1907508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      24453024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       237134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126086605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29816495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15082182                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7411                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146682                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       531509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1059016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120387184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28978097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           44017198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15773947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15039101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473427                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            120198136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           120194966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64929899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       128157318                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97636706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    114739067                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11361214                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14622                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       923391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228628696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186851973     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15374976      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7163699      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7042567      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1950693      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8059933      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612333      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447619      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1124903      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228628696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97636706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    114739067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             43635186                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            28653347                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15151863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       102030608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1111356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1124903                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          353603788                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         254108255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3914803                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              23752504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97636706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           114739067                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97636706                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.604438                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.604438                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      595169856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     139588042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150494303                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       17436729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15562137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1383947                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11516242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11358728                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1044558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41627                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183994392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             99015864                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          17436729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12403286                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            22066377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4546987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7606317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11130986                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1358584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    216822335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      194755958     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3360693      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1699323      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3320624      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1065532      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3072945      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         484386      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         792423      0.37%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8270451      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    216822335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068571                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.389384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      182235850                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9406929                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        22022818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        17872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3138862                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1654325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        16370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    110789525                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        31142                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3138862                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      182437608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6108907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2663603                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        21822661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       650690                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    110626016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        85416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       498644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    144982413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    501337419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    501337419                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    117591679                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27390734                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        14878                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7535                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1499457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     19914016                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3250209                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       738173                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        110041335                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14931                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       103075697                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19845951                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40539889                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    216822335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171648977     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14210982      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15129322      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8760140      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4529445      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1138345      0.53%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1346304      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32238      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26582      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    216822335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        173352     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        71273     23.53%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        58303     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     80836214     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       808545      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7344      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18202968     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3220626      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    103075697                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.405349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            302928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    423348663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129902473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    100451366                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    103378625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        81603                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4040823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          118                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          263                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3138862                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       5364891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        78657                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    110056340                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     19914016                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3250209                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7532                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38357                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          263                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       933116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       535852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1468968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    101762202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     17937727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1313495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  74                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           21158193                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       15464930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3220466                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.400184                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            100474192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           100451366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        60762260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       132406317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.395029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     79993700                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     90074857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19985908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14812                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1375184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    213683473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180146458     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13179181      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8463542      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2663824      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4418943      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       864934      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       547560      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       500930      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2898101      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    213683473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     79993700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     90074857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             19041068                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            15873193                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7390                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         13820203                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        78720826                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1127668                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2898101                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          320845838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         223262869                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4101590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              37466373                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          79993700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            90074857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     79993700                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.178859                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.178859                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      472961181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     130887645                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     117629218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        14798                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19657694                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16083708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1922084                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8095572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7730960                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189396999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            109946304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19657694                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9763731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22942534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5245503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     10248009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11586636                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923424                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    225886649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      202944115     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1066863      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1692813      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2300970      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2366997      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2002874      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1122781      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1672722      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10716514      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    225886649                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187445154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     12217210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22900118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        26105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3298061                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3236314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          365                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    134910489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1944                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3298061                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187956444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1725012                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      9299475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22420903                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1186751                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    134863961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       175924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       509428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    188199051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    627396372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    627396372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    163229626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       24969419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        33563                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17516                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3523471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12620390                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6842961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1664733                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        134712959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       127966027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14842044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35486281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225886649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171708548     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22307908      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11285953      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8492718      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6682617      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2700738      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1702180      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       887075      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118912      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225886649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24169     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77908     36.68%     48.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110297     51.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107625773     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909868      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16044      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11593035      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6821307      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    127966027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212374                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482048591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149589219                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126045627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    128178401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       261143                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2016190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        96815                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3298061                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1435381                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134746779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12620390                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6842961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17519                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98660                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1118322                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2197818                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126197681                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10907653                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1768345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17728706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17932510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6821053                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            126045833                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           126045627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        72346982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       194959487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495679                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371087                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95152216                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117083890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17662912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32366                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1946352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222588588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174530119     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23830522     10.71%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8994657      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4287444      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3629599      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073883      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1803056      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818889      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620419      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222588588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95152216                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117083890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17350342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10604196                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16146                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16883607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105491260                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2411014                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2620419                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          354714308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         272791732                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2870444                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              28402059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95152216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117083890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95152216                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.672441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.672441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      567990400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     175578954                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     125072356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17872493                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14615602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1747729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7587354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7076166                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1840127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77691                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173643619                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            101348428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17872493                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      8916293                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21254820                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5060175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7988521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10676617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759064                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    206161050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      184906230     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1154202      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1824710      0.89%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2890371      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1209321      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1358443      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1431293      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         934995      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10451485      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    206161050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      172012324                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9633027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21188978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        53390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3273329                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      2930484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    123772583                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2827                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3273329                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      172265410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1998802                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6883478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        20993869                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       746160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    123691189                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        29657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       212941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       274063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        47408                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    171703564                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    575393843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    575393843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    146748849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       24954705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32056                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2223144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     11799817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6343176                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191485                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        123518473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       117004988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       147964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15482131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34369254                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3525                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206161050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156772225     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19854821      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10846566      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7380689      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6889474      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1992861      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1537243      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528059      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359112      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206161050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27296     12.68%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82383     38.27%     50.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105588     49.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98012663     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1846925      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14189      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10822253      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6308958      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    117004988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460127                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215267                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440534256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139034037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115135364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    117220255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       353431                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2114156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          336                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1315                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7290                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3273329                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1236833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       106527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123550759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11799817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6343176                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17851                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        78809                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1315                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1024633                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       993502                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2018135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115348624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10179428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1656363                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16486830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16240581                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6307402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453613                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            115136180                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           115135364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        67318723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       175820264                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452774                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86199762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    105658902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17892292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28619                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1785092                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202887721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159994905     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20769663     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8088860      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4357804      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3264175      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1822699      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1121549      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005910      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2462156      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202887721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     86199762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    105658902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             15842859                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9685661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14278                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15166949                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        95206504                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2146441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2462156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          323976187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         250375934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2813128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              48127658                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          86199762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           105658902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     86199762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.949993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.949993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338984                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338984                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      520191677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     159590693                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     115455779                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        28594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254288708                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18694612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15330691                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1833633                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7846224                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7307386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1921684                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178590741                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            106224330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18694612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9229070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23371705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5200049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     16760681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11003637                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1822761                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    222057254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584915                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      198685549     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2534920      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2931782      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1613755      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1848333      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1028483      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         699201      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1808011      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10907220      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    222057254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073517                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      177131899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     18247015                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23177487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       183844                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3317007                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3033985                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        17121                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    129674522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        84821                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3317007                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      177414715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6049768                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     11403918                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23085838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       786006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    129594425                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       201272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       363134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    180103665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    603337216                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    603337216                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    153907445                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       26196220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19285                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2106027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12384486                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6739954                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176705                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1494041                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        129387359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       122351122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       173484                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16068908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37009145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222057254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170495118     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20746496      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11146197      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7708300      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6737387      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3446047      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       837779      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538565      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       401365      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222057254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32350     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       112363     42.69%     54.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118516     45.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102412485     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1910494      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14989      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11321672      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6691482      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    122351122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.481150                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            263229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    467196211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145491818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120310093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    122614351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2186264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          751                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       141493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7494                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3857                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3317007                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5617535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129421873                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12384486                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6739954                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19292                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95173                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1065600                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1026412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2092012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120541434                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10632298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1809688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           17322234                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16870503                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6689936                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.474034                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            120312117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           120310093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        71507515                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       187243102                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.473124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90379023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    110884121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18538993                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30234                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1844229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218740247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173437010     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21009030      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8804232      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5294558      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3659383      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367948      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1226107      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986793      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1955186      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218740247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     90379023                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    110884121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16796683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10198222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15084                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15869404                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        99966537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2255966                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      1955186                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          346207564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         262163301                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2737627                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              32231454                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          90379023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           110884121                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     90379023                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.813581                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.813581                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      543756487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     166980688                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     121027642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        30206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.694765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.432286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.937361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8411                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27152                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27154                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704177626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6805536909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704177626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6805536909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6704177626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6805536909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8411                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814701.376352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823117.671626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814701.376352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823117.671626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 814701.376352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823117.671626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981513231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079448314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981513231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079448314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5981513231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6079448314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726882.152266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735298.538220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726882.152266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735298.538220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 726882.152266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735298.538220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        17425                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.529673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         225755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        19473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        11.593232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.719698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.891522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1626.098394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         385.820059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.793993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.188389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 32844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               17963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  32985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        32984                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 32985                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               17410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                17414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17378                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               17414                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62761022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14804932810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14867693832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4481547                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4481547                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62761022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14809414357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    14872175379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62761022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14809414357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   14872175379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             50254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           17963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              50399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        50362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             50399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.027586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1743361.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 852131.507425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853974.372889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1120386.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1120386.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1743361.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 852193.253366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854035.567876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1743361.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 852193.253366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854035.567876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               9507                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    9507                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           17414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          17414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59599732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13278947089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13338546821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4130347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4130347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59599732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13283077436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13342677168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59599732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  13283077436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13342677168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.345062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1655548.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 764299.936054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766142.838656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1032586.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032586.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1655548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 764361.689262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766204.040887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1655548.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 764361.689262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766204.040887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        32717                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.939512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         200302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        34765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.761599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.695370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.020077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1805.694038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         236.530027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.881687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.115493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               12384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38674                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38675                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               32679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                32717                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32675                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               32717                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87934597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30783303943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30871238540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68510806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68510806                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87934597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30851814749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    30939749346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     87934597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  30851814749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   30939749346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             71326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           12384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              71392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             71392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2093680.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 943202.621044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944681.249120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1802915.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802915.947368                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2093680.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944202.440673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945678.067855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2093680.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944202.440673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945678.067855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5160                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5160                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           32717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        32675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          32717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84246997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27917424405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28001671402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     65173874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65173874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84246997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27982598279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28066845276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84246997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  27982598279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28066845276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2005880.880952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 855391.868278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856870.510175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1715101.947368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715101.947368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2005880.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856391.684132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857867.325121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2005880.880952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856391.684132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857867.325121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        27911                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.598968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        29959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.379552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.805365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1641.036949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         390.619274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.801288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.190732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 34953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7260                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                7260                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  35041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        35040                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 35041                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               27872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                27901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27860                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               27901                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65473207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25818064924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25883538131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25217640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25217640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65473207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25843282564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    25908755771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65473207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25843282564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   25908755771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             62825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            7260                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              62942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        62900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             62942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1596907.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 927672.915957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928657.366927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 869573.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869573.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1596907.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 927612.439483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928595.956095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1596907.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 927612.439483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928595.956095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4149                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4149                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           27901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        27860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          27901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61872780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23373967164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23435839944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     22670556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22670556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61872780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23396637720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23458510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     61872780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23396637720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23458510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.443289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.442925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1509092.195122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839853.658295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840838.115098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 781743.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781743.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1509092.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839793.170136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840776.692592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1509092.195122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 839793.170136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840776.692592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17456                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.836462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         156300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         8.013741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.657338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.753047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1661.828415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         353.597662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.811440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.172655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 32786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                5952                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  32851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        32850                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 32851                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17456                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622305081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13667231189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622305081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    13667231189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     44926108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13622305081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   13667231189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             50242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            5952                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              50307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             50307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781947.367028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782953.207436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781947.367028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782953.207436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1283603.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 781947.367028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782953.207436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2354                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2354                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092694951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134548059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092694951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134548059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41853108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12092694951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12134548059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694144.707594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695150.553334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694144.707594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695150.553334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1195803.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 694144.707594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695150.553334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        17433                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.839584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         156393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        19481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         8.027976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.660704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.731444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1661.330631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         354.116805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.811197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.172909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 32871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                5960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  32935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        32934                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 32935                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               17432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                17432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               17432                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39633851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13607665470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13647299321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39633851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13607665470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    13647299321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39633851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13607665470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   13647299321                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             50303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            5960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              64                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              50367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        50332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             50367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1165701.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 782139.640763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782887.753614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1165701.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 782139.640763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782887.753614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1165701.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 782139.640763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782887.753614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2348                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2348                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           17432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          17432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     36648651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12079857679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116506330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     36648651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12079857679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116506330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     36648651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12079857679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12116506330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1077901.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 694324.501609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695072.643988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1077901.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 694324.501609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695072.643988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1077901.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 694324.501609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695072.643988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        17369                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.828385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         156166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        19417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         8.042746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.653655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.834154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1661.934287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         353.406290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.811491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.172562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        32665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 32666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                5938                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        32731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  32732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        32731                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 32732                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               17368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                17368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               17368                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40573260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13955318529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13995891789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40573260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13955318529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    13995891789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40573260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13955318529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   13995891789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        49998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             50034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            5938                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        50064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              50100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        50064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             50100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1159236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805130.013789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805843.608303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1159236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805130.013789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805843.608303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1159236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 805130.013789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805843.608303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2344                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2344                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           17368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          17368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     37500260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12432907373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12470407633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     37500260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12432907373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12470407633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     37500260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  12432907373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12470407633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1071436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717296.911844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718010.573065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1071436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717296.911844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718010.573065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1071436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 717296.911844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718010.573065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        32736                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.938735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         200309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        34784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.758653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.701666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.090267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1806.373976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         235.772825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.882019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.115123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 38649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               12388                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  29                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  38678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        38677                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 38678                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               32700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                32737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               32737                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85812345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  30968915150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31054727495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     59205948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59205948                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85812345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31028121098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    31113933443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85812345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31028121098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   31113933443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             71349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           12388                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              71415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             71415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.560606                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995635.930233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 948308.636739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949685.856116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1600160.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600160.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995635.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949046.341775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950421.035617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995635.930233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 949046.341775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950421.035617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5159                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           32737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          32737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82036945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28101514059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28183551004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     55956380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55956380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82036945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28157470439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28239507384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82036945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28157470439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28239507384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.458085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907835.930233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 860505.069633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861882.293700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1512334.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1512334.594595                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907835.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861242.749098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862617.447659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1907835.930233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 861242.749098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862617.447659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        32729                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.940379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         200263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        34777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.758490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.995765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1806.755011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         235.500476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.882205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.114990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 38653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               12340                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  27                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38679                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38680                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               32690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                32729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32689                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               32729                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30813552132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30900636863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     65056154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65056154                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30878608286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    30965693017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87084731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  30878608286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   30965693017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             71343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           12340                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.590909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177118.275000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 943753.510934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945262.675528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1668106.512821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1668106.512821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177118.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944617.708893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946124.018974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2177118.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 944617.708893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946124.018974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5168                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5168                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           32729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          32729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83572562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  27946428022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28030000584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     61631954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61631954                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83572562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28008059976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28091632538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     83572562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28008059976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28091632538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.458034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2089314.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 855939.602511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857448.778954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1580306.512821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1580306.512821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2089314.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856803.817064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858310.138959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2089314.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 856803.817064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858310.138959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        17359                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.832584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         156039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        19407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         8.040346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.769538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.779629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1661.947179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         354.336238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.811498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.173016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 32622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                5855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  32687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        32686                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 32687                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               17358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                17358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               17358                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     38699394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14016265384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14054964778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     38699394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14016265384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    14054964778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     38699394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  14016265384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   14054964778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             49980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            5855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        50009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              50045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        50009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             50045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1105696.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809113.051088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 809711.071437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1105696.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809113.051088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 809711.071437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1105696.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 809113.051088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 809711.071437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               2345                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    2345                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           17358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          17358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     35617394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12493826302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12529443696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     35617394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12493826302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12529443696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     35617394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  12493826302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12529443696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.346398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1017639.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721227.633897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721825.307985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1017639.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721227.633897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721825.307985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1017639.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 721227.633897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721825.307985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        11505                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.476505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         191397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        13552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        14.123155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.250759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1509.264772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         506.004740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.736946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.247073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 27373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8797                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  27516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27514                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 27516                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               11504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                11504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11463                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               11504                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9327468907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9409808400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9327468907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9409808400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9327468907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9409808400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8797                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813702.251330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817959.700974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813702.251330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817959.700974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813702.251330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817959.700974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5036                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           11503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          11503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8319419119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8398158812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8319419119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8398158812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8319419119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8398158812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725826.131478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730084.222551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725826.131478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730084.222551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725826.131478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730084.222551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        32639                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.939818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         200156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        34687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.770346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.697499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.962116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1806.337592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         235.942611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.882001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.115206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 38540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               12345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  38568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38567                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 38568                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               32601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               32639                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73100047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30978168647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31051268694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     67525381                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67525381                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73100047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31045694028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    31118794075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73100047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31045694028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   31118794075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             71141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           12345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              71207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             71207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874360.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951359.518672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952463.688046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1776983.710526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1776983.710526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874360.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952321.902699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953423.636600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874360.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952321.902699                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953423.636600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5148                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69673879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28118473414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28188147293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64188381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64188381                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69673879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28182661795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28252335674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69673879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28182661795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28252335674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786509.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863536.435538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864640.572160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1689167.921053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1689167.921053                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786509.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864498.828067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865600.529244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786509.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864498.828067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865600.529244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        17343                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.830413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         156111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        19391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         8.050694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.763558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.765008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1661.661634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         354.640212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.811358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.173164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        32682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 32683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           5866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                5866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        32749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  32750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        32749                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 32750                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               17342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                17342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               17342                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38684335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13957225684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13995910019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38684335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13957225684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    13995910019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     38684335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  13957225684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   13995910019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        49989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             50025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         5866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            5866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        50056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              50092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        50056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             50092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1105266.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 806449.741954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807052.820840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1105266.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 806449.741954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807052.820840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1105266.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 806449.741954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807052.820840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2343                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           17342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        17307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          17342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     35611335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12437180959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12472792294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     35611335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12437180959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12472792294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     35611335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  12437180959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12472792294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017466.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718621.422488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719224.558528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017466.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718621.422488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719224.558528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1017466.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 718621.422488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719224.558528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        11501                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.465402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         191372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        13547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        14.126522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.947455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     5.231312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1509.411113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         505.875523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.737017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.247010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 27354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8793                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8793                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  27499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        27497                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 27499                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               11499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                11499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11458                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               11499                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9370085222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9451326758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9370085222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     9451326758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81241536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9370085222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    9451326758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             38853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8793                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              38998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             38998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817776.681969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821925.972519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817776.681969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821925.972519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1981500.878049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 817776.681969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821925.972519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5035                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           11498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          11498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8362659669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440301077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8362659669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440301077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77641408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8362659669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8440301077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.295207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893692.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 729917.052370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734066.887894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893692.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 729917.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734066.887894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1893692.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 729917.052370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734066.887894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        27932                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.597167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         161150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        29980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.375250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.274784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.654398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1640.985611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         390.682373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.801263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.190763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35031                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35032                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               27893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                27922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27882                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               27922                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63175925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25885706214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25948882139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24279405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24279405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63175925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25909985619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    25973161544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63175925                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  25909985619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   25973161544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             62837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              62954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        62913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             62954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579398.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929368.693283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930300.868999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837220.862069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837220.862069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579398.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929272.850549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930204.195401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1579398.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929272.850549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930204.195401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4145                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4145                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           27922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          27922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59662084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23439665911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23499327995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     21732659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21732659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59662084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23461398570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23521060654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59662084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23461398570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23521060654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1491552.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841549.057947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842481.195820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 749402.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749402.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1491552.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841453.216053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842384.523100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1491552.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841453.216053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842384.523100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        17493                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.526698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         225777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        19541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        11.554015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.684020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.805330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1628.548159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         383.489189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.795190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.187251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 32853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17977                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               17977                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  32995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        32994                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 32995                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               17477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                17481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17446                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               17481                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59399830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14659350110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14718749940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4256178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4256178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59399830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14663606288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    14723006118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59399830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14663606288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   14723006118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             50330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           17977                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              50476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             50476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.027397                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1697138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840462.682605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 842178.288036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1064044.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1064044.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1697138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840513.945202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 842229.055432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1697138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840513.945202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 842229.055432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               9512                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    9512                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           17481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          17481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56326830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13127757224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13184084054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3904978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3904978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56326830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13131662202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13187989032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56326830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13131662202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13187989032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.346801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1609338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 752652.059626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754367.686331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 976244.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976244.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1609338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 752703.324659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754418.456152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1609338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 752703.324659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 754418.456152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040166.177419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.313382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        93004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        93004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20423926572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20423926572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134419295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134419295                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20558345867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20558345867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20558345867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20558345867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18288                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224648.590134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224648.590134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64346.239828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64346.239828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221047.975001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221047.975001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221047.975001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221047.975001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3913.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8411                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57623                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8525206912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8525206912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540248260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540248260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8540248260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8540248260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242365.512779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242365.512779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73016.252427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73016.252427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241379.504819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241379.504819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241379.504819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241379.504819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              518.270751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1009207670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1944523.448940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    36.270751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.058126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10987925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10987925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10987925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10987925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10987925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10987925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94434573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94434573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94434573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94434573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     94434573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94434573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10987979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10987979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10987979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10987979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10987979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10987979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1748788.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1748788.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1748788.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1748788.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1748788.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1748788.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63144543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63144543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63144543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63144543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63144543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63144543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1706609.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1706609.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1706609.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1706609.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1706609.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1706609.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                50362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170836268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                50618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3375.010234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.602210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.397790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7747801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7747801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6550617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6550617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16393                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14298418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       14298418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     14298418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      14298418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       172819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       172819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       177886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       177886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       177886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  73026287911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73026287911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3301394024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3301394024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  76327681935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76327681935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  76327681935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76327681935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7920620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7920620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6555684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6555684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16393                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15079                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14476304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14476304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     14476304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14476304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000773                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 422559.370850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422559.370850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 651548.060785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651548.060785                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 429082.007212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429082.007212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 429082.007212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429082.007212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49786629                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets            82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 607154.012195                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           17963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       127524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127524                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        50217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        50362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        50362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17107870797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17107870797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13641998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13641998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17121512795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17121512795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17121512795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17121512795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340678.869646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340678.869646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94082.744828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94082.744828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339968.881200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339968.881200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 339968.881200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339968.881200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              578.530373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1038180785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1771639.564846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    37.532794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.997579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.060149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.866983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10465464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10465464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10465464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10465464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10465464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10465464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119538988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119538988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119538988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119538988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    119538988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119538988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10465526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10465526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10465526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10465526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10465526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10465526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1928048.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1928048.193548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1928048.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1928048.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1928048.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1928048.193548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       650665                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 325332.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     88347297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88347297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     88347297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88347297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     88347297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88347297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054588.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2054588.302326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054588.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2054588.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054588.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2054588.302326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                71349                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              443139847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                71605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              6188.671839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.900242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.099758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     27390226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27390226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14999777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14999777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     42390003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       42390003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     42390003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      42390003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       261475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       261475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       261475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128006296956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128006296956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    260689939                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    260689939                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128266986895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128266986895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 128266986895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128266986895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     27651450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27651450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15000028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15000028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     42651478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42651478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     42651478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42651478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490025.024332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490025.024332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1038605.334661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038605.334661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490551.627861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490551.627861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490551.627861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490551.627861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           12384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       189941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          185                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       190126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       190126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190126                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33693250178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33693250178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     70684726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70684726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33763934904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33763934904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33763934904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33763934904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 472668.801509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472668.801509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1070980.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070980.696970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473222.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473222.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473222.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473222.258252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              528.315920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013347484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1904788.503759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.315920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10679803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10679803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10679803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10679803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10679803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10679803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94055875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94055875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94055875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94055875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     94055875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94055875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10679868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10679868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10679868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10679868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10679868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10679868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1447013.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1447013.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1447013.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1447013.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1447013.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1447013.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65886328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65886328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65886328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65886328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65886328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65886328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568722.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568722.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568722.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568722.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1568722.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1568722.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                62900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              178947790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                63156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2833.425011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.023197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.976803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7400895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7400895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6129438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6129438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14301                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14301                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13530333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       13530333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     13530333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      13530333                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       164407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       165241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       165241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       165241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       165241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72276145586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72276145586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    323429038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    323429038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72599574624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72599574624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  72599574624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72599574624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7565302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7565302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6130272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6130272                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        14301                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14301                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13695574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13695574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     13695574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13695574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 439617.203562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439617.203562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 387804.601918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 387804.601918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 439355.696371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439355.696371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 439355.696371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439355.696371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156003                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156003                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            7260                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       101624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       102341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       102341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102341                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        62900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28344528809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28344528809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     31138993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31138993                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28375667802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28375667802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28375667802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28375667802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451468.212876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451468.212876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 266145.239316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 266145.239316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451123.494467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451123.494467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 451123.494467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451123.494467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              559.615665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              927899184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1648133.541741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.440188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.175477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11171739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11171739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11171739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11171739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52179463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52179463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11171787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11171787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11171787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11171787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1087072.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     45297313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45297313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1258258.694444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                50270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              222301768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                50526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4399.749990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.711849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.288151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.791843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.208157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16445530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16445530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3162993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3162993                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19608523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19608523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19608523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19608523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       177846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       177846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       177846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78473957797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78473957797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24563340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78498521137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78498521137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  78498521137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78498521137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16623091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16623091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3163278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3163278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7475                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19786369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19786369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19786369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19786369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441954.921390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441954.921390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86187.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86187.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441384.799979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441384.799979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 441384.799979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441384.799979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            5952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        50271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15916854268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15916854268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4222018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4222018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15921076286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921076286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15921076286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15921076286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 317030.917978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317030.917978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64954.123077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64954.123077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 316704.984703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316704.984703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 316704.984703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316704.984703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.351989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              927897623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1651063.386121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.332646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.019342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11170178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11170178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11170178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11170178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11170178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11170178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47926095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47926095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47926095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47926095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47926095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47926095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11170223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11170223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11170223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11170223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11170223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11170223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1065024.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1065024.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1065024.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1065024.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1065024.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1065024.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39982775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39982775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39982775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39982775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     39982775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39982775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1142365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1142365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1142365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                50332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              222290995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                50588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4394.144758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   201.821112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    54.178888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.788364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.211636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16434868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16434868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3162885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3162885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7472                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19597753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19597753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19597753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19597753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       177741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       178014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       178014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       178014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  78273556768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78273556768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23532915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23532915                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  78297089683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78297089683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  78297089683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78297089683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16612609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16612609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3163158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3163158                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7472                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19775767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19775767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19775767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19775767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 440379.860404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440379.860404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86201.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86201.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439836.696456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439836.696456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439836.696456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439836.696456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            5960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        50332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15907545267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15907545267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4172405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4172405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15911717672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15911717672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15911717672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15911717672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316454.708105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316454.708105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65193.828125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65193.828125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316135.215608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316135.215608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 316135.215608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316135.215608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.038325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              927859495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1648063.046181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.862239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.176085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11132050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11132050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11132050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11132050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11132050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11132050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52158178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52158178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52158178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52158178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     52158178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52158178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11132100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11132100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11132100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11132100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11132100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11132100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1043163.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1043163.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1043163.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1043163.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1043163.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1043163.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40959393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40959393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40959393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40959393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     40959393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40959393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1137760.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137760.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1137760.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137760.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1137760.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1137760.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                50064                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              222216714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                50320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4416.071423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.814354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.185646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.788337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.211663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16369935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16369935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3153551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3153551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7403                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7403                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19523486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       19523486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19523486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      19523486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       177202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       177202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80245907710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80245907710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     24933886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24933886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80270841596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80270841596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  80270841596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80270841596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     16546848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16546848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3153840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3153840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19700688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19700688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19700688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19700688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453589.661076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453589.661076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86276.422145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86276.422145                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452990.607307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452990.607307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452990.607307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452990.607307                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            5938                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        49998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        50064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        50064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16241268443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16241268443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4286770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4286770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16245555213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16245555213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16245555213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16245555213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324838.362394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324838.362394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64951.060606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64951.060606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324495.749700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324495.749700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 324495.749700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324495.749700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              577.779497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1038174145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1768610.127768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.610143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.169353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.060273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10458824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10458824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10458824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10458824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112985668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112985668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112985668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112985668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112985668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112985668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10458883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10458883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10458883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10458883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915011.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1915011.322034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915011.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1915011.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1915011.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1915011.322034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86233345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86233345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86233345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86233345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86233345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86233345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959848.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959848.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959848.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959848.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1959848.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1959848.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                71370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              443110706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                71626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              6186.450535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.898692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.101308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     27370671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27370671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14990202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14990202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     42360873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       42360873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     42360873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      42360873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       261831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       261831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       261831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128608727865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128608727865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    211899286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211899286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128820627151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128820627151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 128820627151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128820627151                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     27632247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27632247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14990457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14990457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     42622704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42622704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     42622704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42622704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491668.684684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491668.684684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 830977.592157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830977.592157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491999.141244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491999.141244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491999.141244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491999.141244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           12388                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          189                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       190460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190460                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33879365053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33879365053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     61448390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61448390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33940813443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33940813443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33940813443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33940813443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475133.090989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475133.090989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 931036.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 931036.212121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475554.685278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475554.685278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475554.685278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475554.685278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              578.505740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1038182691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1777710.087329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.213030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.292710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10467370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10467370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10467370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10467370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10467370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10467370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    122083720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122083720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    122083720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122083720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    122083720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122083720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10467434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10467434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10467434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10467434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10467434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10467434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1907558.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1907558.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1907558.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1907558.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1907558.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1907558.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       230680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87480831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87480831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87480831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87480831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     87480831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87480831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2133678.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2133678.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2133678.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2133678.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2133678.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2133678.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                71368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              443153991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                71624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              6187.227619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.900084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.099916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     27404872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27404872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     14999280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14999280                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     42404152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       42404152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     42404152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      42404152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       261561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       261561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       261561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127903942046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127903942046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    240201896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    240201896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128144143942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128144143942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 128144143942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128144143942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     27666185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27666185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     14999528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14999528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7333                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     42665713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42665713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     42665713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42665713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 489466.433151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489466.433151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 968556.032258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968556.032258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 489920.683672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489920.683672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 489920.683672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489920.683672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           12340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33724143711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33724143711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67182230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33791325941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33791325941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33791325941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33791325941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472976.125649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472976.125649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1017912.575758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017912.575758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 473480.074277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473480.074277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 473480.074277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473480.074277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.441099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              927852071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1648049.859680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    34.314343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.126756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11124626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11124626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11124626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11124626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11124626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11124626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47970631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47970631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47970631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47970631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     47970631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47970631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11124675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11124675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11124675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 978992.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 978992.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 978992.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 978992.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 978992.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 978992.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39076591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39076591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39076591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39076591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39076591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39076591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1085460.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1085460.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1085460.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1085460.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1085460.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1085460.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                50009                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              222213038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                50265                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4420.830359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.106471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.893529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.789478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.210522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16369676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16369676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3150170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3150170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19519846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       19519846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     19519846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      19519846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       176794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       177079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       177079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       177079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  80726069895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80726069895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24491902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24491902                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  80750561797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80750561797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  80750561797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80750561797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16546470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16546470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3150455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3150455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7451                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7451                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7394                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19696925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19696925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     19696925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19696925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456610.913804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456610.913804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85936.498246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85936.498246                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456014.331440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456014.331440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456014.331440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456014.331440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            5855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       126850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       127070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        49944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        50009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        50009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16299215052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16299215052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4209326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4209326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16303424378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16303424378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16303424378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16303424378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326349.812830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326349.812830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64758.861538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64758.861538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326009.805795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326009.805795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 326009.805795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326009.805795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.186517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008503467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1946917.889961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.186517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11590996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11590996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11590996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11591056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11591056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                38977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165355754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4214.710932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.515979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.484021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7978837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7978837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6717873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14696710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14696710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14696710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14696710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       124953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       125785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       125785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41930353026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41930353026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69730321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69730321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42000083347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42000083347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  42000083347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42000083347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8103790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6718705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14822495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14822495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14822495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14822495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335568.998151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335568.998151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83810.481971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83810.481971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333903.751218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333903.751218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333903.751218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333903.751218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8797                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86808                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11207092487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11207092487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9212101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9212101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11216304588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11216304588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11216304588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11216304588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288589.701988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288589.701988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64420.286713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64420.286713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287767.262437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287767.262437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287767.262437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287767.262437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.129102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1038170025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1780737.607204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.050768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.078335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.059376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10454704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10454704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10454704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10454770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10454770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10454770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1619772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619772.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1619772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1619772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619772.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73488415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73488415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73488415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73488415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837210.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837210.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837210.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837210.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837210.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837210.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                71167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              443054203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                71423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              6203.242695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.899824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.100176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     27337634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27337634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14966763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14966763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     42304397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       42304397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     42304397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      42304397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          269                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       259967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       259967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128076903216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128076903216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    266921535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    266921535                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128343824751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128343824751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128343824751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128343824751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     27597332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27597332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14967032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14967032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     42564364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42564364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     42564364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42564364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493176.317168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493176.317168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 992273.364312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 992273.364312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493692.756200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493692.756200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493692.756200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493692.756200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       622472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           12345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33879844463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33879844463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     69700542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69700542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33949545005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33949545005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33949545005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33949545005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476503.065541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476503.065541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1056068.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1056068.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477040.552574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477040.552574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477040.552574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477040.552574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.391596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              927858382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1648061.069272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.215940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.175656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11130937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11130937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11130937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11130937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11130937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11130937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49425511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49425511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49425511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49425511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49425511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49425511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11130986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11130986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11130986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11130986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11130986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11130986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008683.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008683.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008683.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1008683.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1008683.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1008683.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39057600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39057600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39057600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39057600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     39057600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39057600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1084933.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084933.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1084933.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084933.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1084933.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084933.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                50056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              222223871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                50312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4416.915865                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.710556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.289444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.791838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.208162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16378043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16378043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3152614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3152614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7468                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19530657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       19530657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19530657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      19530657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       176847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       177148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       177148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       177148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       177148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80458243432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80458243432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25891937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25891937                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80484135369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80484135369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  80484135369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80484135369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16554890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16554890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3152915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3152915                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7468                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19707805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19707805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19707805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19707805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454959.617251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454959.617251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86019.724252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86019.724252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454332.735165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 454332.735165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454332.735165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 454332.735165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            5866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       127092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        49989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        50056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        50056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16243614467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16243614467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4348685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4348685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16247963152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16247963152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16247963152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16247963152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 324943.776971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324943.776971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64905.746269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64905.746269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 324595.715838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324595.715838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 324595.715838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324595.715838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.169323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008499043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1946909.349421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.169323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11586572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11586572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11586572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11586572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11586572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11586572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    105619281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105619281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11586635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11586635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11586635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11586635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11586635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11586635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1676496.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81749524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81749524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1901151.720930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                38955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165347782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                39211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4216.872357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.520220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.479780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7974391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7974391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6714232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6714232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17392                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16169                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14688623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14688623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14688623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14688623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       124823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       125671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       125671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       125671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  41940270473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41940270473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     71417719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71417719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42011688192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42011688192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42011688192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42011688192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8099214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8099214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6715080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6715080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14814294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14814294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14814294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14814294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335997.936863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335997.936863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84219.008255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84219.008255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334298.988565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334298.988565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334298.988565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334298.988565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        86716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11248361956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11248361956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9339883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9339883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11257701839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11257701839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  11257701839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11257701839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289831.537130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289831.537130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64412.986207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64412.986207                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288992.474368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288992.474368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288992.474368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288992.474368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.497140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1013344227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1908369.542373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.410935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.086205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10676546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10676546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10676546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10676546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10676546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10676546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101335309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101335309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101335309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101335309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101335309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101335309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10676616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10676616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10676616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10676616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10676616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10676616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1447647.271429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1447647.271429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1447647.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1447647.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1447647.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1447647.271429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       129104                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63587395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63587395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63587395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63587395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63587395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63587395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550912.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550912.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550912.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550912.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1550912.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550912.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                62913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              178944556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                63169                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2832.790704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.066887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.933113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7399666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7399666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6127494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6127494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13527160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13527160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13527160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13527160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       164391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       165213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       165213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       165213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       165213                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72455739366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72455739366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    310325532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310325532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72766064898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72766064898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  72766064898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72766064898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7564057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7564057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6128316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6128316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14297                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13692373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13692373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     13692373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13692373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 440752.470427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440752.470427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 377524.978102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 377524.978102                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 440437.888653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440437.888653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 440437.888653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440437.888653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       101595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       102300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        62913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28411588711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28411588711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30212991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30212991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28441801702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28441801702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28441801702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28441801702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452442.650981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452442.650981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 258230.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258230.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452081.472859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452081.472859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452081.472859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452081.472859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.193274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1009223331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1948307.588803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.193274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11003586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11003586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11003586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11003586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11003586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11003586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86980261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86980261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86980261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86980261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     86980261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86980261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11003637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11003637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11003637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11003637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11003637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11003637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705495.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1705495.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705495.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1705495.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1705495.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1705495.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59755615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59755615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59755615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59755615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     59755615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59755615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1659878.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659878.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1659878.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659878.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1659878.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659878.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                50440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              170857991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                50696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3370.245996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.598832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.401168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7759199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7759199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6560922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6560922                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16389                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16389                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14320121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       14320121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     14320121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      14320121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       173002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5193                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       178195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       178195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       178195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       178195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  72754737005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72754737005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3128371567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3128371567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75883108572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75883108572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  75883108572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75883108572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7932201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7932201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6566115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6566115                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16389                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16389                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14498316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14498316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14498316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14498316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 420542.750980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420542.750980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 602420.867899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602420.867899                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425843.085227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425843.085227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425843.085227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425843.085227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44683868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 491031.516484                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           17977                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16963843520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16963843520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13479963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13479963                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16977323483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16977323483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  16977323483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16977323483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 337293.584125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337293.584125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92328.513699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92328.513699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336584.525833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336584.525833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336584.525833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336584.525833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
