
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104690                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104690323644                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632465700189                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 318597                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   407910                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1931865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620548                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 54191.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17265206483                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22105155680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1890560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3793152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3800320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2634112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2567808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1505536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3815552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3832960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2563456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2566144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2660608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1502464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2568704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3819136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2535808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3762432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45894912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10953600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10953600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        29634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        29690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        29809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        29945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        20048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        20786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        29837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                358554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     18058594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36232116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36300585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25160988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24527654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14380852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36446081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36612362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     24486083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24511759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     25414078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     14351508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24536212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36480315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     24221990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35938680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               438387335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        48906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45238                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        44016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        40348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             727479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         104628581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              104628581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         104628581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        48906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     18058594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36232116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36300585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25160988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24527654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        44016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14380852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36446081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36612362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        40348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     24486083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24511759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        44016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     25414078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     14351508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24536212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36480315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     24221990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35938680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              543015916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20642045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16889283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8653738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136513                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92497                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199177433                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115372442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20642045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10274516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24098053                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5502138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4732698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12185838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2027172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231458640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207360587     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1123734      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1786122      0.77%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2422159      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2487881      1.07%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2105286      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1176362      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1756322      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11240187      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231458640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082221                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197155559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6771483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24055327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3450081                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3397757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141608400                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3450081                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197690832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1397555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4139344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23553093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1227730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141561218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       168367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       534891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197553790                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658517122                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658517122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26008276                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35487                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18621                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3672128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13265614                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84727                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1726834                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141405771                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35608                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134423004                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18350                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15426012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36748095                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1599                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231458640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174533770     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23441580     10.13%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11866453      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8923107      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7013969      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2835084      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789200      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931115      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124362      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231458640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25014     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81833     36.67%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116311     52.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113061223     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001001      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12182650      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161268      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134423004                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.535431                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500546156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156867936                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132397116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134646162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2121332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          168                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          547                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3450081                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1117936                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       120304                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141441520                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13265614                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18625                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          547                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183806                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2315408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132556417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11461933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18622919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7160986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.527996                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132397354                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132397116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        75997816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204774178                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371130                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18392601                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34009                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2050939                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228008559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177518923     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25031672     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450833      4.14%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4501902      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3808382      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179108      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1899904      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861274      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2756561      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228008559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865555                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2756561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366692852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286333220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3021856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19597293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.510559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.510559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596617890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184437021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131260545                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33980                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20344160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16638651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8407440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8024534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88239                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197330293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            115467572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20344160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10117349                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24197634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5762283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      3514532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12132094                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997212                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    228779844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      204582210     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1314368      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2072323      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3300688      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1366533      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1523531      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1630290      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1060650      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11929251      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    228779844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081034                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195511196                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5347781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24122250                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61711                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3736902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3335172                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          461                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    141000617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3008                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3736902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195811482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1700709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2777983                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23889437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       863327                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    140919978                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        24864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       242038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       325197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42719                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    195647116                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    655580264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    655580264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    167024745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       28622362                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        35828                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19677                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2589417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13421749                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7215927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1643170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        140722846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35929                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       133173339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17870398                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39815769                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3358                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228779844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172642897     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22521086      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12316468      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8403442      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7864223      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2259532      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1763081      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596967      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412148      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228779844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31064     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95812     38.66%     51.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120982     48.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111560293     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107622      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16148      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12307671      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181605      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    133173339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495538336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158630611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131037877                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    133421197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       402158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2398015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          346                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1464                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208227                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8308                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3736902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1138865                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140758910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13421749                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7215927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19662                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86120                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1464                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158856                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2289066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131284107                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11574113                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1889230                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18754004                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18468344                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7179891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.522928                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            131038862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           131037877                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        76612377                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       200195598                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521947                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98109156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    120256720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20502366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32571                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2023479                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225042942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176227932     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23640128     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9204405      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4954831      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3715270      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073111      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278899      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143668      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2804698      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225042942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     98109156                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    120256720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18031431                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11023731                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17262370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       108360190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2442931                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2804698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362996667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         285255272                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3182097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              22276089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          98109156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           120256720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     98109156                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.558945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.558945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.390786                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.390786                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      592026203                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     181642152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     131509707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        32540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20346785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16640605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981472                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8398560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8021386                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197333451                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115486104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20346785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10113442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24197273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5764085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      3490066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12131883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228760050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      204562777     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1314121      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2070053      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3301443      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1364685      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1522052      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1630952      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1062037      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11931930      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228760050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081045                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460001                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      195510322                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5327572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24121623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        61757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3738772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3335744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    141016975                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3738772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      195811962                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1707112                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2749954                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23887383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       864863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    140936234                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents        25139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       242157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       326666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41458                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    195681114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    655645577                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    655645577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    167033724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       28647387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19537                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2599823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     13420296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7215234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1644509                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        140736512                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35788                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       133177257                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164061                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17879645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39859643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3213                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228760050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172616591     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22525304      9.85%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12320364      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8406020      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7861106      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257408      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1763261      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597833      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412163      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228760050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30952     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95637     38.63%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120998     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111564642     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107366      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16149      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12308120      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180980      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    133177257                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530468                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495526212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158653383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131039030                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    133424844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          330                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1470                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207160                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8304                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3738772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137494                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118897                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140772437                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13420296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7215234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86998                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1470                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2289458                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131285874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11574625                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1891383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18753929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18469944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7179304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522935                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            131040025                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           131039030                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        76616440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       200191066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98114479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    120263120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20509473                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32575                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2023400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225021278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176200707     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23643890     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9205620      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4956748      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3714007      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072975      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279049      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143707      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2804575      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225021278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     98114479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    120263120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18032387                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11024313                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16252                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17263264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       108365953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2443045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2804575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          362988633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         285284140                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3181950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              22295883                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          98114479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           120263120                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     98114479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.558806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.558806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390807                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390807                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      592028160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     181651046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     131527449                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        32544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20390169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16720002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1998705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8367036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2089650                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194633682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115945380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20390169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10049441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25501844                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5683541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6513080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11993231                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1983950                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230302414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      204800570     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2764462      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3201761      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1756528      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2020209      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1111107      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         752410      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1976116      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11919251      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230302414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081218                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461831                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      193046379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      8130423                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25288651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       201806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3635154                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3310881                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18656                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141547348                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        92788                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3635154                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      193356832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2781668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4482570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25192660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       853521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141460192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       215450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       400420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    196601097                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    658694690                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    658694690                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    167794378                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28806704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36967                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2288381                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13499641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7360803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       192680                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141246176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37038                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       133438126                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183784                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17716288                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41024145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4083                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230302414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174083701     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22605586      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12146844      5.27%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8420545      3.66%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7351809      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3757929      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       911287      0.40%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585090      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       439623      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230302414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34566     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       124995     43.22%     55.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129668     44.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111693699     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087567      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16341      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12332747      9.24%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307772      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    133438126                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531508                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289229                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497651679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159000766                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131222069                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    133727355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336480                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2381214                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          824                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166900                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3635154                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2294824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141283330                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13499641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20579                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101074                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155902                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124552                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2280454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131467987                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11582985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1970139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18888890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18393400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7305905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523660                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            131224038                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           131222069                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        77995080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       204319021                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98534057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    120889460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20395226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32955                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2010262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226667260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177288752     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22897721     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9594891      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5765280      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992525      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2576886      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1340132      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077789      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133284      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226667260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     98534057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    120889460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18312330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11118427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16442                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17301415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       108986667                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2459511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2133284                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          365817999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         286204600                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2983389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              20753519                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          98534057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           120889460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     98534057                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.547910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.547910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392479                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392479                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      593043145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182123492                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     132094063                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        32924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20410420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16736335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1997995                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8398682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7969711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2094544                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89367                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194745487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            116047998                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20410420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10064255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25522278                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5681632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      6346380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11997559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1982596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    230266859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      204744581     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2767416      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3204361      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1758589      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2017639      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1112781      0.48%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         756702      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1978437      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11926353      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    230266859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081298                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      193157168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      7964558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25307788                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       203293                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3634051                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3314556                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18666                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    141659243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        92014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3634051                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193468969                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2925996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      4168301                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25211838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       857695                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    141569582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       218847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       400984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    196751271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    659184889                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    659184889                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    167952607                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       28798664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36911                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20525                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2289307                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     13508571                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7367164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        141356479                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36974                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       133569749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17707504                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40948635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3987                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230266859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173997419     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22626677      9.83%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12157849      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8422291      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7359862      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3762865      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       913472      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       585496      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440928      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230266859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35664     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123421     42.79%     55.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129369     44.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111797706     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2089095      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16356      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12353969      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7312623      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    133569749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.532032                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288454                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497882084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    159102228                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131347284                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    133858203                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2379690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          841                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1274                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       166496                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8181                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3634051                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2429145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       147722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141393572                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13508571                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7367164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20497                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1274                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157702                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1122309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2280011                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131598084                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11600523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1971665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18911001                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18410220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7310478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.524178                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            131349367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           131347284                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        78066353                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       204480356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.523179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98626971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    121003321                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20391490                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32987                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2009448                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226632808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177207126     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22919742     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9603197      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5774703      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992043      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582916      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337892      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1078540      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2136649      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226632808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     98626971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    121003321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18329549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11128881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16458                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17317680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       109089320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2461814                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2136649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          365890307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         286423753                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2982927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              20789074                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          98626971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           121003321                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     98626971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.545510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.545510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392849                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392849                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      593638571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     182293224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     132211659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22698420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18902445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067329                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8934094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8321550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446160                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197759742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124553776                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22698420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10767710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25971117                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5737749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6833085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12278849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    234215707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208244590     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1592285      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2019193      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3206960      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1332250      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1719967      0.73%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2012875      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         917546      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13170041      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    234215707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.496120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      196600897                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8103270                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25848116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12092                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3651325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3450475                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          438                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    152220800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2421                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3651325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196799754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        636997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      6914350                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25661613                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       551662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    151282263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        80155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       384499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    211351741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    703577284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    703577284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    177015637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34336092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        37330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1943664                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14146695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7403792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        147728824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37465                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141799631                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17817620                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36149920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2053                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234215707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174117572     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27429950     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11198330      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6273435      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8505655      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2617024      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579872      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385208      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234215707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        980669     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130647     10.56%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126359     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119462751     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939094      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17555      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12999303      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380928      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141799631                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.564813                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1237675                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519196090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165584603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138113087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    143037306                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2641327                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          696                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        485796                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61538                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147766297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114631                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14146695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7403792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53856                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          696                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2382326                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139331408                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12783822                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20164298                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19703808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7380476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.554982                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            138113378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           138113087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        82751780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       222317032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.550129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372224                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102984325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126901103                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20865786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2085054                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230564382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176851225     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27220639     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9887026      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4923640      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501704      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893974      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869335      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891916      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524923      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230564382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    102984325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126901103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18816498                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11505368                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18394257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       114252196                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2620554                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2524923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          375805633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         299185130                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2998554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16840226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         102984325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126901103                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    102984325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.437807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.437807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.410205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.410205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      626971595                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     193013519                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140810145                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20342622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16637063                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981442                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8417082                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8024713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092451                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197327438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            115464629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20342622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10117164                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24195493                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5760435                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3503020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12131651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1996987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    228761568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      204566075     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1313913      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2072723      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3298920      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1367295      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1522365      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1631711      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1061370      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11927196      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    228761568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081028                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459916                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      195508519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5336489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24119752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        61675                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3735129                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3335123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    140987310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3735129                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      195808622                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1709860                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2759433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23886939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       861581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    140905730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        25713                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       241049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       325161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41858                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    195624277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    655512352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    655512352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    167017229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28607048                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        35788                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19637                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2589452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13416538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7216366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217761                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1642160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        140706363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35892                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       133162500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163563                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17860044                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39771531                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3319                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228761568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172621413     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22528279      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12316201      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8403960      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7860842      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2259475      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762426      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597136      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411836      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228761568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31019     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95363     38.53%     51.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121093     48.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111550628     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107809      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16148      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12306007      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181908      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    133162500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495497606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158603736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131030906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    133409975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2393278                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          325                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208945                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8336                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3735129                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137088                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140742399                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13416538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7216366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19621                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86247                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1130281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2289247                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131276732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11574908                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1885768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18755008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18467791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7180100                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            131031906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           131030906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        76608429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       200170918                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98104826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    120251377                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20491218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32573                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2023397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225026439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176211587     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23640665     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9202623      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4958204      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3714087      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073232      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1278217      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143548      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2804276      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225026439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     98104826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    120251377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18030681                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11023260                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16250                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17261591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       108355393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2442823                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2804276                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          362964095                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         285220520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3181858                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              22294365                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          98104826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           120251377                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     98104826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.559058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.559058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390769                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390769                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      592000373                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     181630844                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     131508322                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32544                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       20341231                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16635648                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1982345                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8386222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8019786                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091363                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197303473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            115450185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          20341231                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10111149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24191990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5764645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3494127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12131715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997998                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    228728532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      204536542     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1314093      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2071397      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3299954      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1364246      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1521445      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1631839      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1062378      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11926638      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    228728532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459858                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      195482099                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5329847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24115994                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        62126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3738462                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3335281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          459                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    140975877                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3738462                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      195783851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1699975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2756001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23882448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       867791                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    140894775                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        25219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       241833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       326938                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44167                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    195613059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    655444284                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    655444284                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    166979387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28633669                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        35815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19668                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2600487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13416181                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7214911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1645605                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        140695487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35912                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       133145963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17875370                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39797251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3347                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228728532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172597760     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22520392      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12315926      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8405955      3.68%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7859747      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256256      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1763875      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596632      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411989      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228728532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31077     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96134     38.72%     51.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121087     48.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111540161     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107077      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16144      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12302174      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7180407      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    133145963                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530344                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248298                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495432295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158608217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131009546                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    133394261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       400671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395430                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1476                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       209096                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8327                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3738462                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1133345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140731531                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13416181                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7214911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19645                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1476                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2290755                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131255312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11571015                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1890651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18749623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18465723                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7178608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            131010559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           131009546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        76602016                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       200152164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521834                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98082554                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    120224087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20507606                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32565                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2024279                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224990070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176184985     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23638915     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9197915      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4956588      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712650      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073399      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279276      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144409      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801933      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224990070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     98082554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    120224087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18026564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11020749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             16246                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17257689                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       108330778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2442264                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2801933                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          362919167                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         285202045                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3182974                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              22327401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          98082554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           120224087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     98082554                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.559639                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.559639                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      591886546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     181602719                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     131489116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        32536                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       19046398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17001573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12765020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12420941                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46242                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201227423                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            108142659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          19046398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     13567889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24116928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       4971015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3069101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12173396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490556                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231857340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207740412     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3672536      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1859839      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3633768      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1170149      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3363592      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         532179      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         857546      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9027319      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231857340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.075865                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.430751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      198765808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5576638                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24069401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        19518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3425974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1804133                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        17872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    121015822                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        33778                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3425974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199040428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3360676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1374089                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23816235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       839931                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    120842089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        94400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       673535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    158431430                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    547730123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    547730123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    128583009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29848421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1818272                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     21755453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3549027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       806662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        120219559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       112612342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21601074                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44229121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231857340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182440269     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15635736      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16481086      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583843      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945136      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236324      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472253      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34321      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28372      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231857340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189022     57.28%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77185     23.39%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63777     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88334569     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885697      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8041      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19865059     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518976      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    112612342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.448555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329984                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457484771                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141837263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109760992                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    112942326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4418991                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80814                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2269569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120235988                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21755453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40243                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2307                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1026115                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1609600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111183662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19578866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           23097661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16900322                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3518795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.442864                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            109785779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           109760992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66413996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       144783278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.437197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.458713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87440922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     98479227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21761744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1509063                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228431366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191746744     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14426596      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9255505      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914746      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4831168      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944371      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599302      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548428      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164506      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228431366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     87440922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     98479227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20804675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            17336462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15106306                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        86072814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1234543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3164506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          345507506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         243910625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4468069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              19198593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          87440922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            98479227                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     87440922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.871149                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.871149                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.348293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.348293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      516747160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     143060568                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128465851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19040056                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16996532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12755825                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12417703                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201228137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            108117412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19040056                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13564453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24111331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4968204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3071666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12172002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    231852572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      207741241     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3670463      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1859324      0.80%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3633598      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1170429      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3363819      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         531680      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         856661      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        9025357      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    231852572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.430651                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      198746151                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5599302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24064077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19477                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3423564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1802489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17870                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    120991333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        33789                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3423564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199022385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3379332                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1372332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23809903                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       845049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    120819151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        94254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       678960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    158396355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    547636974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    547636974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    128576662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29819673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        16278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1823674                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     21756358                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3548377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       806716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        120197870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       112603346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21584965                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44178270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231852572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182438040     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15638045      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16477144      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9582897      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4945357      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236684      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471751      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34264      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28390      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231852572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        188861     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77159     23.40%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63735     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88326046     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885508      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19865034     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518718      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    112603346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448519                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329755                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457461598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141799467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109750628                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    112933101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88592                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4420327                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          301                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80398                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3423564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2278408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120214292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21756358                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40421                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2363                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          301                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025666                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1608865                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111174552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19579468                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           23098006                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16897546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3518538                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442828                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            109775570                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           109750628                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        66407079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       144777345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437156                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87437154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     98474758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21744560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16216                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1508669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228429008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191747022     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14424489      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9255510      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2915015      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830430      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944199      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599254      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548747      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164342      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228429008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     87437154                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     98474758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            17336026                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15105680                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        86068820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1234475                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3164342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          345483659                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         243864883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4465621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              19203361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          87437154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            98474758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     87437154                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.871273                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.871273                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348278                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348278                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      516709867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     143045300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     128439678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20388302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16717793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996678                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8454415                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7964011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092354                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89850                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194602616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            115889028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20388302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10056365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25489185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5669370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6491789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11987693                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981388                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    230225357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      204736172     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        2764893      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        3195954      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        1755072      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2021126      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1113505      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         755470      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1977482      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11905683      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    230225357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081210                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      193021178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8103050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25277222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles       200764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3623142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3311180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        18625                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    141466833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        92116                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3623142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      193329469                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2904600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4333764                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        25182460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       851913                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    141381134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          264                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       219742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       396618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    196493036                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    658294328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    658294328                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    167819064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28673873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37041                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20657                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2271649                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13493663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7357300                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       193956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632764                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        141176067                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37112                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       133432239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17620654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40703707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230225357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174004467     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22612265      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12149660      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8412141      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7351231      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3759646      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       910894      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584711      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440342      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230225357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35559     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123545     42.81%     55.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129502     44.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111686049     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2086699      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16343      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12338951      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7304197      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    133432239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531484                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288606                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497565455                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158835099                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131216775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    133720845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       337335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2373566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          821                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       162335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3623142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       2411160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141213302                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13493663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7357300                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20652                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1158176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1120946                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2279122                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131463674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11587310                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1968565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 123                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18889878                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18395914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7302568                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523643                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            131218834                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           131216775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        77986884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       204256005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522660                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381810                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98548589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    120907283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20307275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2008170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226602215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352583                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177214310     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22899966     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9598442      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5768794      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3992137      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2580267      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337489      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077246      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2133564      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226602215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     98548589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    120907283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18315051                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11120086                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17303959                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       109002762                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2459880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2133564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          365682546                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         286052410                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2981229                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              20830576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          98548589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           120907283                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     98548589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.547535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.547535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      593034106                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     182112812                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     132037445                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22702414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18905020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2068014                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8951215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8321743                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197748221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            124561484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22702414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10767935                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25972459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5740620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6735674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12279243                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1976793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    234110291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      208137832     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1592610      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2016538      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3205011      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1336360      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1722915      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2012307      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         917555      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13169163      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    234110291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      196590170                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8005163                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25849331                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        12123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3653497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3451885                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          440                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    152229384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3653497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      196788289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        636702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      6817173                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        25663607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       551017                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    151291483                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        79868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       384500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    211358233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    703605683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    703605683                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    177005879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       34352351                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1939625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14147032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7404025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675073                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        147727915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37476                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       141799753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       139315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17820894                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36140493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2068                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234110291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174013763     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27424599     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11203144      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6271135      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509184      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2615004      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2579175      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385641      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108646      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234110291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        977198     79.19%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130347     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126395     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119465445     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939165      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17554      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12996611      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7380978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    141799753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.564813                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519083052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165586979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138110369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143033693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105548                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2642358                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          695                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93331                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           25                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3653497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        485641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147765401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14147032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7404025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53681                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           65                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          695                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152270                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2382768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139328169                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12782755                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2471584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20163281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       19704679                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7380526                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.554969                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            138110643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           138110369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        82750372                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       222298434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102978589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    126893950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20872037                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35408                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2085733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230456794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176745897     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27219544     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9884973      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4925273      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502076      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893768      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869644      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891319      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524300      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230456794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    102978589                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    126893950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18815368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11504674                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17664                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18393194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       114245763                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2620398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2524300                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          375697766                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         299185487                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2999753                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              16945642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         102978589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           126893950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    102978589                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.437943                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.437943                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410182                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410182                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      626949894                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     193012418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     140817486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        35378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19045088                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17001487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12763755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12421210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146966                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46252                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201223957                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            108136017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19045088                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13568176                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24117449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4969719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3084009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12172699                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231868576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      207751127     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3671431      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1860917      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3634627      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1169822      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3365242      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         532073      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         856357      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9026980      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231868576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075860                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.430725                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      198731900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5621772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24070058                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19565                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3425280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1803074                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17881                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    121016126                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        33784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3425280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199009306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3392320                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23815056                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       847204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    120842906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        93842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       681356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    158430015                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    547742214                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    547742214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    128587942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29842070                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        16285                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1827411                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     21758926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3548778                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       808458                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        120220558                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16346                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       112614672                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72719                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21600240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44229915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231868576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182449289     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15637894      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16479959      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9586336      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4943453      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236588      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472641      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34074      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28342      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231868576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189065     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77326     23.42%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63719     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88336709     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885625      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8042      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19865378     17.64%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518918      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    112614672                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457500749                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141837443                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109763457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    112944782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4422126                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3425280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2286437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104073                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120236981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21758926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548778                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2294                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025953                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1609187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111186181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19578663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  77                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23097410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16900061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3518747                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.442874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            109787939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           109763457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        66417236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       144805114                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87443794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     98482837                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21759092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1508437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228443296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191757597     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14426780      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9257110      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914441      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4830576      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943615      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599454      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548373      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3165350      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228443296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     87443794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     98482837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20805237                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            17336800                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         15106835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        86076088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1234632                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3165350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          345519550                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         243911813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4466785                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19187357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          87443794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            98482837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     87443794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.871055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.871055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348304                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348304                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      516758437                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     143064786                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     128458781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20318846                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16618357                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1984322                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8507737                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8026169                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197299168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            115282690                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20318846                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10118111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24169723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5754364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      3496891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12130436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    228692420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      204522697     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1312759      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2076602      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3297725      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1361427      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1530029      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1625361      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1060740      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11905080      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    228692420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.459191                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      195480618                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5329711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24094616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        61324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3726147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3330030                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    140787733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3042                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3726147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      195780456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1712891                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2751497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23861221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       860204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    140706661                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        26926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       240788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       323958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41082                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    195362116                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    654566851                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    654566851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    166915506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28446575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35871                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19730                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2588800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13412514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7206312                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       216853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1637343                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        140510612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35976                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       133052122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162559                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17738134                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39340212                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228692420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172587961     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22518404      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12319649      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8390484      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7847375      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257742      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762054      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597574      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411177      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228692420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31021     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95788     38.68%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120843     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111462327     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2101688      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16138      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12300123      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171846      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    133052122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247652                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495206874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158286173                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130911777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    133299774                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401615                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395951                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          317                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1484                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       203147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8309                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3726147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1138778                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140546728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13412514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206312                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19716                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        88185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1484                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1162630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1128940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2291570                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131157231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11568902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18739015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18454139                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7170113                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            130912796                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           130911777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        76547954                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       199981718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521445                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98045056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    120178162                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20368727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2026298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224966273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176175469     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23630364     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9199961      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4953059      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3712788      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073767      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277589      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143030      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800246      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224966273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     98045056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    120178162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18019725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11016560                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17251072                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       108289432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2441338                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2800246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          362712253                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         284820123                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3184053                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              22363513                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          98045056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           120178162                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     98045056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.560618                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.560618                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390531                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390531                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      591481983                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     181472476                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     131312291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19047924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17003293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1519145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12752381                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12419595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1147033                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201256170                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            108157078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19047924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     13566628                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24120192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4973143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3072349                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           58                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12175414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1491442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231894232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207774040     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3673049      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1859873      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3634500      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1170056      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3363791      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         531909      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         857214      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9029800      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231894232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075871                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.430809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      198783605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5590678                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24072979                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3427560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1803657                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        17883                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    121036452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        33799                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3427560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199059234                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       3371563                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1374679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23819227                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       841962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    120864015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        93877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       676295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    158461469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    547839805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    547839805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    128595909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29865528                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        16296                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8255                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1819898                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     21760969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3549878                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23465                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       806237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        120240631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       112629781                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21613550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44252401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231894232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182472223     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15638477      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16479299      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9583788      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4947208      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1238028      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1472479      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34344      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28386      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231894232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189407     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77309     23.40%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63730     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88348850     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       886051      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8042      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19866910     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3519928      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    112629781                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.448624                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330446                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457557187                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141870817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109776579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    112960227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        88948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4423659                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        81129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3427560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2275940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       103895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120257091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21760969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3549878                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2301                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584940                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1610418                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111199968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19581545                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1429809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           23101283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16901471                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3519738                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.442929                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            109801481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           109776579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        66424948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       144818204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.437259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.458678                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87448427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     98488536                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21773451                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16219                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1509591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228466672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191779042     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14427728      6.32%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9255754      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2914647      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4832660      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       944337      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       599179      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548640      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3164685      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228466672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     87448427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     98488536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20806056                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            17337310                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              8092                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15107666                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        86081186                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1234738                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3164685                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          345563649                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         243954215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4467690                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19161701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          87448427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            98488536                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     87448427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.870903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.870903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.348322                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.348322                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      516824070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     143080874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128482945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              251055933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20346012                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16640395                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1982986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8390835                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8021719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2092867                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197372346                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115488513                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20346012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10114586                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24199245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5766633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3493601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12135418                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1998509                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228805538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      204606293     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1314811      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2073225      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3300932      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1363278      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1520078      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1632602      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1062618      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11931701      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228805538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      195549709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5330876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24123105                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        61985                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3739859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3335275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          466                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    141017286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3739859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      195852405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1705146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2753178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23888170                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       866776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140936440                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        24570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       242066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       327509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41792                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    195686268                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    655648897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    655648897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    167046403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28639865                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2605076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13420264                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7215413                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217345                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1642311                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140737336                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35847                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133186763                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163631                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17871123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39819493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3271                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228805538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172657133     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22530331      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12318935      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8407057      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7859040      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2258262      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1765923      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596473      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       412384      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228805538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31068     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95611     38.63%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120843     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111571764     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2107908      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16150      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12309483      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7181458      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133186763                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247522                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495590217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158645758                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131046761                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    133434285                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       399556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395078                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          336                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1483                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       206786                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8298                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3739859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140773323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58151                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13420264                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7215413                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19577                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1483                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1160058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2291589                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131293564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11575848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1893199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18755665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18470989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7179817                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            131047748                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           131046761                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76622752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200201138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382729                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98121937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120272359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20501162                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32576                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2024857                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225065679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176241011     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23647237     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9204094      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4957861      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3713417      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2074675      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279132      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144500      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803752      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225065679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     98121937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120272359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18033813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11025186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16252                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17264599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108374311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2443253                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2803752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          363034785                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         285287121                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3182995                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22250395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          98121937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120272359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     98121937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.558612                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.558612                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      592065956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     181661696                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     131531431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32546                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         358731                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.163899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1786187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         391489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           4.562547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           234.322182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     4.170892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1291.537742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.325365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1967.401397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.735589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1978.563924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.357752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1751.863488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.050270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1787.708609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.718989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1020.922330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.935355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1933.273502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.662114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1953.174374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.023102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1632.629504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.861061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1637.314363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.784265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1748.250952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.951371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1039.810517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.939995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1634.316709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.276298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1998.624024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.138254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1647.953658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.159974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2006.232684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           283.085227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           389.133823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           371.380407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           332.372293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           352.918747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           253.531649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           370.612022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           362.521199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           344.734569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           338.209115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           329.497026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           262.560283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           345.116643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           367.665683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           354.343084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           387.491522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.039415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.060040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.060381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.053463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.054557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.031156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.058999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.059606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.049967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.053352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.031732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.049875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.060993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.050292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.061225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.011334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.010770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.007737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.011310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.010321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.008013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.010532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.011220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.011825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        25951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        24351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        41924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  566143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           158699                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                158699                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          132                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          131                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2053                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        24556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   568196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26103                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34759                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        24522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34720                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        24556                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        41615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  568196                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                358477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 358555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29634                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29945                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20048                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                358555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5901377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2411435569                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5821285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4856860352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4870064135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6012560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3378803212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5772700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3295108335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1928266772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5956904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4877964475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6124951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4910713947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5204958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3250751035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3255127933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5509246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3416190485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5824965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1924871953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4973824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3257720609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5803696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4894157390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5052206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3223436239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4807481182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58649339460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       363576                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2281011                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1331415                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3271618                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1051261                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       921281                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1555095                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       519441                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       891799                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       367564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12554061                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5901377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2411435569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5821285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4857223928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4872345146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6012560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3380134627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5772700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3298379953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1928266772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5956904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4879015736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6124951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4911635228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5204958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3252306130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3255647374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5509246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3417082284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5824965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1924871953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4973824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3257720609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5803696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4894524954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5052206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3223436239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4807481182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      58661893521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5901377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2411435569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5821285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4857223928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5999771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4872345146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6012560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3380134627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5772700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3298379953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5357061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1928266772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5956904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4879015736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6124951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4911635228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5204958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3252306130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5292071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3255647374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5509246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3417082284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5824965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1924871953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4973824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3257720609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5803696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4894524954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5052206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3223436239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5778262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4807481182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     58661893521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        54276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        54316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              924620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       158699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            158699                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        54389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               926751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        71462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        55338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        55629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        71452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        54413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        54348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        55507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        36294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        54389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        71452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        54395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              926751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.372780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.326025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.369316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.369468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.387702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014925                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.104478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.056962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.132075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.044776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.123288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.037736                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015038                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.036603                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.417581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.386895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.417581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.386895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147534.425000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163265.779892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149263.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163905.924406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153840.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164107.835793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154168.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164258.785221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156018.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164426.563623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163940.381908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152741.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163673.605845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157050.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164023.980327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162391.399490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155649.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162391.016862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153034.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164390.091189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149358.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163986.365054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146288.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162334.094529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148812.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164040.804089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153097.151515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162709.415931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148160.564103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163553.146288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163606.980253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       181788                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162929.357143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       147935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 155791.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 175210.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153546.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 172788.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       173147                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148633.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       183782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160949.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147534.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163265.779892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149263.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163907.131268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153840.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164107.280094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154168.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164251.646193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156018.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164417.524201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163940.381908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152741.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163675.927941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157050.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164021.881049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162396.071803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155649.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162392.626397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153034.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164385.543080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149358.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163986.365054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146288.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162334.094529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148812.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164042.127359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153097.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162709.415931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148160.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163553.146288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163606.402145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147534.425000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163265.779892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149263.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 163907.131268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153840.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 164107.280094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154168.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164251.646193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156018.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 164417.524201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148807.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 163940.381908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152741.128205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163675.927941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 157050.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164021.881049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       157726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162396.071803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 155649.147059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162392.626397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153034.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164385.543080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 149358.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 163986.365054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146288.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162334.094529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148812.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164042.127359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153097.151515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 162709.415931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148160.564103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163553.146288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163606.402145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                85575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     85575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           358477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             78                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            358555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        14770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        29634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        29690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        29809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        20787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        29837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        29394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           358555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3571060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1551380194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3552237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3131532595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3732652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3142054424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3745623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2180921680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3621524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2128065883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1243397124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3688857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3142707523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3856638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3167542642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3284503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2084770092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3311705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2087595060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3418805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2206091181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3555412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1241411024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3000645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2088856142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3534548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3156913802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3130098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069529068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3096092809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37774637681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       247885                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1466751                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       806400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2047806                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       702823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       571459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1030541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       344565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       542909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       251116                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8012255                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3571060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1551380194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3552237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3131780480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3732652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3143521175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3745623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2181728080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3621524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2130113689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1243397124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3688857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3143410346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3856638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3168114101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3284503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2085800633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3311705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2087939625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3418805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2206634090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3555412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1241411024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3000645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2088856142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3534548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3157164918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3130098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069529068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3096092809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37782649936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3571060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1551380194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3552237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3131780480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3732652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3143521175                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3745623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2181728080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3621524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2130113689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3262895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1243397124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3688857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3143410346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3856638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3168114101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3284503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2085800633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3311705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2087939625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3418805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2206634090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3555412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1241411024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3000645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2088856142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3534548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3157164918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3130098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2069529068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3509236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3096092809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37782649936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.362712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.415433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.372780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.361276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.326025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.369316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.325251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.369468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.418332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.412154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.387702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.104478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.056962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.132075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.044776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.044776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.123288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.037736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.417581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.386895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.361363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.414682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.415268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.360621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.419093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.368055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.374493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.323414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.368972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.417581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.364206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.411381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89276.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105035.896682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        91083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105680.770620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95709.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105878.636743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96041.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106024.388916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97879.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106190.912325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105713.069546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94586.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105449.368285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98888.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105799.881158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99530.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104144.774303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97403.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104145.425792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94966.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106159.048217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91164.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105760.012268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88254.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104088.904824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90629.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105812.428423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94851.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104463.634748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89980.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105330.775294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105375.345367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123942.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104767.928571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        89600                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97514.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117137.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95243.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114504.555556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       114855                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90484.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       125558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102721.217949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89276.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105035.896682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        91083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105682.003105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95709.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105878.113001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96041.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106017.205889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97879.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106181.829869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105713.069546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94586.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105451.720823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98888.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105797.765938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99530.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104149.429920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97403.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104147.028382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94966.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106154.523981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91164.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105760.012268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88254.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104088.904824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90629.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105813.751986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94851.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104463.634748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89980.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105330.775294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105374.767988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89276.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105035.896682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        91083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105682.003105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95709.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105878.113001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96041.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106017.205889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97879.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106181.829869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90635.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105713.069546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94586.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105451.720823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 98888.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105797.765938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99530.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104149.429920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 97403.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104147.028382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94966.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106154.523981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 91164.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 105760.012268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 88254.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 104088.904824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 90629.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105813.751986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 94851.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104463.634748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89980.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105330.775294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105374.767988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              516.144970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012193883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957821.823985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.144970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12185787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12185787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12185787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12185787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12185787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12185787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7703019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7703019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7703019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7703019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7703019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7703019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12185838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12185838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12185838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12185838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12185838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12185838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151039.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151039.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151039.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151039.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151039.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151039.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6466667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6466667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6466667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6466667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6466667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6466667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153968.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153968.261905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153968.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153968.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153968.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153968.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166567701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4049.884534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.149972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.850028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8381758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056068                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18492                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16347049468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16347049468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77669781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77669781                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16424719249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16424719249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16424719249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16424719249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8512720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18492                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16990                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124822.845314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124822.845314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86878.949664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86878.949664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124565.581005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124565.581005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124565.581005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124565.581005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4300275343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300275343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     10175308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10175308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4310450651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310450651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4310450651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4310450651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105603.382604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105603.382604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66942.815789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66942.815789                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105459.610281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105459.610281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105459.610281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105459.610281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              529.285481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1017907365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1920579.933962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.285481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.062958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12132040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12132040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12132040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12132040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12132040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12132040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9986439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9986439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9986439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9986439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      9986439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9986439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12132094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12132094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12132094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12132094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12132094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12132094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184934.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184934.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184934.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184934.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184934.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184934.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7741052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7741052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7741052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7741052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7741052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7741052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193526.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193526.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193526.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193526.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 193526.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193526.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                71462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              181289046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                71718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2527.803982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.151870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.848130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8417062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8417062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6974012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6974012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19470                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16270                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15391074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15391074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15391074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15391074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       180912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       181723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       181723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       181723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22395520358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22395520358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     73289725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73289725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22468810083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22468810083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  22468810083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22468810083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8597974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8597974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6974823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6974823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19470                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16270                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15572797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15572797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15572797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15572797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123792.343007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123792.343007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 90369.574599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90369.574599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123643.182663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123643.182663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 123643.182663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123643.182663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       109584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       110261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        71462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7970316397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7970316397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9534612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9534612                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7979851009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7979851009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7979851009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7979851009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111741.761959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111741.761959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71153.820896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71153.820896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111665.654600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111665.654600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 111665.654600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111665.654600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              528.948496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1017907154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1920579.535849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.948496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12131829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12131829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12131829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12131829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12131829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12131829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9167482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9167482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9167482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9167482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9167482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9167482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12131883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12131883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12131883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12131883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12131883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12131883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169768.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169768.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169768.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169768.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169768.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169768.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7236462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7236462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7236462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7236462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7236462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7236462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180911.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180911.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180911.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180911.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 180911.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180911.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                71496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              181290919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                71752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2526.632275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.155029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.844971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8418731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8418731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6974375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6974375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19309                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15393106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       15393106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     15393106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      15393106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       180864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       181683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       181683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       181683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       181683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22398257221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22398257221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82908146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82908146                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22481165367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22481165367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  22481165367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22481165367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8599595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8599595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6975194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6975194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19309                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15574789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15574789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15574789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15574789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123840.328761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123840.328761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101230.947497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101230.947497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123738.409026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123738.409026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 123738.409026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123738.409026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       109502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       110187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       110187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110187                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        71496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7982706895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7982706895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10674548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10674548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7993381443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7993381443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7993381443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7993381443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111862.152056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111862.152056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 79660.805970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79660.805970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111801.799303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111801.799303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111801.799303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111801.799303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              520.286279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1013317331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1941220.940613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.286279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11993180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11993180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11993180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11993180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11993180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11993180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8621693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8621693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8621693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8621693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8621693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8621693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11993231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11993231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11993231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11993231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11993231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11993231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169052.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169052.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169052.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169052.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 169052.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169052.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6871458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6871458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6871458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6871458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6871458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6871458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171786.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171786.450000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171786.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171786.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171786.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171786.450000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                55338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172631966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                55594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3105.226571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.986635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.013365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8455166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8455166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7154874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7154874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17424                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15610040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15610040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15610040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15610040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       188916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       192671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       192671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       192671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       192671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24864816873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24864816873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    474873935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    474873935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25339690808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25339690808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  25339690808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25339690808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8644082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8644082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7158629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7158629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17424                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15802711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15802711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15802711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15802711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131618.374690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131618.374690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 126464.430093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126464.430093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131517.928531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131517.928531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 131517.928531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131517.928531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       105899                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       105899                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18426                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       133736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       137333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        55338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5923971929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5923971929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     11440168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11440168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5935412097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935412097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5935412097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5935412097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107357.229594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107357.229594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72406.126582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72406.126582                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107257.437873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107257.437873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107257.437873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107257.437873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.158708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013321663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1948695.505769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.158708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.057947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11997512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11997512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11997512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11997512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11997512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11997512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8145122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8145122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8145122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8145122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8145122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8145122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11997559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11997559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11997559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11997559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11997559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11997559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173300.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173300.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173300.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173300.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173300.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173300.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6574498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6574498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6574498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6574498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6574498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6574498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173013.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173013.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173013.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173013.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 173013.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173013.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                55629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              172651922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                55885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3089.414369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.985523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.014477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8468384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8468384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7161564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7161564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15629948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       15629948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     15629948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      15629948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       189774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       193571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       193571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       193571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  24932127886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24932127886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    483621911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    483621911                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25415749797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25415749797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25415749797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25415749797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8658158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8658158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7165361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7165361                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17456                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15823519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15823519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15823519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15823519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131377.996385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131377.996385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127369.478799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127369.478799                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131299.367142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131299.367142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 131299.367142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131299.367142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           19380                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       137942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       137942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        55629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5893560488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5893560488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12879389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12879389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5906439877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5906439877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5906439877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5906439877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106247.710258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106247.710258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 81002.446541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81002.446541                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106175.553704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106175.553704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106175.553704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106175.553704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              492.348371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1015378236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2059590.742394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    37.348371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.059853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12278796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12278796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12278796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12278796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12278796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12278796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8060456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8060456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12278849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12278849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12278849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12278849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12278849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12278849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152084.075472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6039718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6039718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158939.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              164334986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4497.399726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.432371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.567629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9788280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7273440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17061720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17061720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17061720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17061720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1949                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        95051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        95051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10244793945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10244793945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    130319990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130319990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10375113935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10375113935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10375113935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10375113935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9881382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7275389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7275389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19494                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17156771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17156771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17156771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17156771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 110038.387414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110038.387414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66865.053874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66865.053874                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109153.127637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109153.127637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109153.127637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109153.127637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        67872                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        22624                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            7858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        58767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3669147084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3669147084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15602026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15602026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3684749110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3684749110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3684749110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3684749110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101703.220445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101703.220445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 75372.106280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75372.106280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101553.001599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101553.001599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101553.001599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101553.001599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.988331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1017906926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1920579.105660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.988331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12131601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12131601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12131601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12131601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12131601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12131601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9250988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9250988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9250988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9250988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9250988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9250988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12131651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12131651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12131651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12131651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12131651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12131651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185019.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185019.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185019.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 185019.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 185019.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 185019.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7513573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7513573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7513573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7513573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187839.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187839.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187839.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187839.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 187839.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187839.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                71354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              181290917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                71610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2531.642466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.145683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.854317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8419261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8419261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6973726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6973726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        19426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19426                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15392987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       15392987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     15392987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      15392987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       180717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       181533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       181533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       181533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22342283093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22342283093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     77294768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77294768                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22419577861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22419577861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  22419577861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22419577861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8599978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8599978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6974542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6974542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        19426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16272                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15574520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15574520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15574520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15574520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123631.330163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123631.330163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94723.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94723.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123501.390166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123501.390166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 123501.390166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123501.390166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       109497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       110179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       110179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        71354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7978019356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7978019356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10020470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10020470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7988039826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7988039826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7988039826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7988039826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 112019.367537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112019.367537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 74779.626866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74779.626866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111949.432772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111949.432772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 111949.432772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111949.432772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              529.146414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1017906989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920579.224528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    39.146414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12131664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12131664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12131664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12131664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12131664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12131664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9304675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9304675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9304675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9304675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9304675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9304675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12131715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12131715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12131715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12131715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12131715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12131715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182444.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182444.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182444.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182444.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 182444.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182444.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7393443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7393443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7393443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7393443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7393443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7393443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184836.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184836.075000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184836.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184836.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 184836.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184836.075000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                71452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              181286288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                71708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2528.118034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.155201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.844799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8416213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8416213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6972128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6972128                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15388341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       15388341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     15388341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      15388341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       180858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          816                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       181674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       181674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       181674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       181674                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22397126897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22397126897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     76267138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76267138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22473394035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22473394035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  22473394035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22473394035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8597071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8597071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6972944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6972944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16268                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15570015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15570015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15570015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15570015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123838.187401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123838.187401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93464.629902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93464.629902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123701.762690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123701.762690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 123701.762690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123701.762690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8740                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       109540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       110222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       110222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110222                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8001485154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8001485154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9807681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9807681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8011292835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011292835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8011292835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011292835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112194.469194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112194.469194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73191.649254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73191.649254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112121.323896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112121.323896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112121.323896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112121.323896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              558.789816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              932318386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1661886.606061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.772982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.016834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12173354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12173354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12173354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12173354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12173354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12173354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12173396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12173396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12173396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12173396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12173396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12173396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166095.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166095.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166095.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166095.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166095.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5904441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5904441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5904441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5904441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5904441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5904441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173660.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173660.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173660.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173660.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173660.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173660.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                54413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224700678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                54669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4110.202821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   203.082346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    52.917654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.793290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.206710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17875124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17875124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3451468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451468                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21326592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       21326592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     21326592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      21326592                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       189912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       189912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       189912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21806771899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21806771899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39770683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39770683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21846542582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21846542582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  21846542582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21846542582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18064672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18064672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3451832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21516504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21516504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     21516504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21516504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115046.172468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115046.172468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109260.118132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109260.118132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115035.082470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115035.082470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115035.082470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115035.082470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6148                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135499                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        54413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5766688688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5766688688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5862483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5862483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5772551171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772551171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5772551171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772551171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106122.353478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106122.353478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80307.986301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80307.986301                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106087.721151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106087.721151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106087.721151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106087.721151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              558.827364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              932316992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1658927.032028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.589838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.237526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.053830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12171960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12171960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12171960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12171960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12171960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12171960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7166631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7166631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7166631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7166631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7166631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7166631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12172002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12172002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12172002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170634.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170634.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170634.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170634.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170634.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170634.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6026882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6026882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6026882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6026882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6026882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6026882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172196.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172196.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172196.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172196.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172196.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172196.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                54348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              224701574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                54604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4115.111970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.245500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.754500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.790021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.209979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17876234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17876234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3451248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21327482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       21327482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     21327482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      21327482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       189630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       189630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21810565958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21810565958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33478333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33478333                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21844044291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21844044291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21844044291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21844044291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18065511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18065511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3451601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451601                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8101                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21517112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21517112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     21517112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21517112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115230.936448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115230.936448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94839.470255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94839.470255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115192.977330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115192.977330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115192.977330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115192.977330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            6262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       135001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       135282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       135282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        54276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        54348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5767038078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767038078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5319385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5319385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5772357463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772357463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5772357463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5772357463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106253.925824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106253.925824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73880.347222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73880.347222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106211.037444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106211.037444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106211.037444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106211.037444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.131425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1013311799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1952431.211946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.131425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11987648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11987648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11987648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11987648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11987648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11987648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7534754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7534754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7534754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7534754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11987693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11987693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11987693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11987693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11987693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11987693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167438.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167438.977778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167438.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167438.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167438.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167438.977778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6202440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6202440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6202440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6202440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167633.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167633.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167633.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167633.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167633.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167633.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                55506                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              172635444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                55762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3095.933503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.983667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.016333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.913999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.086001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8457437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8457437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7155915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17588                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15613352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       15613352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     15613352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      15613352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       189588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       193360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       193360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       193360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       193360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  24993867338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24993867338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    477542378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477542378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25471409716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25471409716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  25471409716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25471409716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8647025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8647025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7159687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17588                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15806712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15806712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15806712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15806712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131832.538652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131832.538652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 126601.902969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126601.902969                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131730.501221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131730.501221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131730.501221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131730.501221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           18286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       134240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       137853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137853                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        55507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5961167287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5961167287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11208475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11208475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5972375762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5972375762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   5972375762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5972375762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107703.391035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107703.391035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 70493.553459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.553459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107596.803322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107596.803322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107596.803322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107596.803322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              494.184019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1015378629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2051269.957576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.184019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12279189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12279189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12279189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12279189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12279189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12279189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8576632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8576632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8576632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8576632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8576632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8576632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12279243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12279243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12279243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12279243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12279243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12279243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158826.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158826.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158826.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158826.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 158826.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158826.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6633890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6633890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6633890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165847.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165847.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165847.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165847.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165847.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165847.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                36294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164332896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                36550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4496.112066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.433469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.566531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9786552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9786552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7273056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7273056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17059608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17059608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17059608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17059608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        93106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        95006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        95006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        95006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10306103859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10306103859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    130364132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130364132                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10436467991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10436467991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10436467991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10436467991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9879658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9879658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7274956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17689                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17154614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17154614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17154614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17154614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110692.155812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110692.155812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68612.701053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68612.701053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109850.619866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109850.619866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109850.619866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109850.619866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       134995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22499.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            7860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        57017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        58712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58712                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        36294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3670102952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3670102952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     15695519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15695519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3685798471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685798471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3685798471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3685798471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101695.889385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101695.889385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76563.507317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76563.507317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101553.933736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101553.933736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101553.933736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101553.933736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              558.699672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              932317685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1658928.265125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.541138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.158534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.053752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12172653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12172653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12172653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12172653                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6814134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6814134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6814134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6814134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6814134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6814134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12172699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12172699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12172699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12172699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148133.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148133.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148133.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148133.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 148133.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148133.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5663023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5663023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161800.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161800.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161800.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161800.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161800.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161800.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                54389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              224700839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                54645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4112.010962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.629007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.370993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.791520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.208480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17875053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17875053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3451697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3451697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21326750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       21326750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     21326750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      21326750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       189462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       189821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       189821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       189821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       189821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21887636606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21887636606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32329187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32329187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21919965793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21919965793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21919965793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21919965793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18064515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18064515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3452056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3452056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21516571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21516571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     21516571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21516571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115525.206142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115525.206142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90053.445682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90053.445682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115477.032536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115477.032536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115477.032536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115477.032536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        54316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        54389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        54389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5771613328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5771613328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5058045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5058045                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5776671373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5776671373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5776671373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5776671373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106259.911039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106259.911039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69288.287671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69288.287671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106210.288349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106210.288349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106210.288349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106210.288349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.027347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1017905710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1920576.811321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.027347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.062544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12130385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12130385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12130385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12130385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12130385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12130385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8820134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8820134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8820134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8820134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8820134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8820134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12130436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12130436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12130436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12130436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12130436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12130436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172943.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172943.803922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172943.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172943.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172943.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172943.803922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7029510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7029510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7029510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7029510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175737.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175737.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175737.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175737.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 175737.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175737.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                71452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              181280612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                71708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2528.038880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.150910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.849090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8413078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8413078                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6969498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6969498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15382576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15382576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15382576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15382576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22671456541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22671456541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     72564582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72564582                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22744021123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22744021123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  22744021123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22744021123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8594922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8594922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6970306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6970306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15565228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15565228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15565228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15565228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124675.307082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124675.307082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 89807.650990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89807.650990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124521.062583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124521.062583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124521.062583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124521.062583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8972                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       110525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       110525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       111200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       111200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7996853208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7996853208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9412253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9412253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8006265461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8006265461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8006265461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8006265461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112127.949186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112127.949186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70768.819549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70768.819549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112050.963738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112050.963738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112050.963738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112050.963738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              558.753426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              932320403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1661890.201426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.736594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.016832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.052462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12175371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12175371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12175371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6660579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6660579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6660579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6660579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6660579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6660579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12175414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154897.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154897.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154897.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154897.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154897.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154897.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5626410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5626410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5626410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5626410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165482.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165482.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165482.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165482.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 165482.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165482.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                54395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              224703588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                54651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4111.609815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   203.440352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    52.559648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.794689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.205311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17877459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17877459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3452032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3452032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21329491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       21329491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     21329491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      21329491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       189917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       189917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       189917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21846056905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21846056905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29711101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29711101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21875768006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21875768006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21875768006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21875768006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18067043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18067043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3452365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3452365                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21519408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21519408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     21519408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21519408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115231.543300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115231.543300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89222.525526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89222.525526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115185.939152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115185.939152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115185.939152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115185.939152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       135522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       135522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        54395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5752351497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5752351497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4822073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4822073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5757173570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5757173570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5757173570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5757173570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105887.740396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105887.740396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68886.757143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68886.757143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105840.124460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105840.124460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105840.124460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105840.124460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              529.087117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017910691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920586.209434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.087117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12135366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12135366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12135366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12135366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12135366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12135366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8609069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8609069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8609069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8609069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8609069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8609069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12135418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12135418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12135418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12135418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12135418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12135418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165559.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165559.019231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165559.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165559.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165559.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165559.019231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6902462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6902462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6902462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6902462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6902462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6902462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172561.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172561.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172561.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172561.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172561.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172561.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181294157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2528.227771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.155506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.844494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8421340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8421340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6974931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6974931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19381                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15396271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15396271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15396271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15396271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       180751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       181565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       181565                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22378412487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22378412487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     70801179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70801179                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22449213666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22449213666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22449213666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22449213666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8602091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8602091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6975745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6975745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19381                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19381                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15577836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15577836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15577836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15577836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123807.959497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123807.959497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86979.335381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86979.335381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123642.847829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123642.847829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123642.847829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123642.847829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9046                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       109433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7941550337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7941550337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9140780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9140780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7950691117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7950691117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7950691117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7950691117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111354.080835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111354.080835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68214.776119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68214.776119                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111273.178036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111273.178036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111273.178036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111273.178036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
