
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105125894                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398688849039                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 404763                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   527198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38143                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67614424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28973.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11727217987                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274547281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        77568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        22784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        52992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        79488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        52608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        14464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        77568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               717440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       312704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            312704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1505711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     70189288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20616656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3011422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25828732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3011422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     26639499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1737359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     47024507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21774895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     47951098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3358893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19921712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1505711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     71926647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     72042471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     47603626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3127246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13667221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3011422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     25828732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2432302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13088102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     70189288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21079951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               649193005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1505711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3011422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3011422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1737359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1621535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1621535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3358893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1505711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1505711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1621535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3127246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3011422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2432302                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505711                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1621535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           33820581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         282957808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              282957808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         282957808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1505711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     70189288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20616656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3011422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25828732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3011422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     26639499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1737359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     47024507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1621535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21774895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1621535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     47951098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3358893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19921712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1505711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     71926647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1505711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     72042471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1621535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     47603626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3127246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13667221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3011422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     25828732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2432302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13088102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     70189288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1621535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21079951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              932150812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         205831                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84012                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78513                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20562                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2002134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1218960                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            205831                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99075                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        67289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124935                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21799                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2114608     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13116      0.55%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20939      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31720      1.34%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13294      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15410      0.65%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16178      0.68%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11467      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         127951      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2364683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.459953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1976667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        93417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44857                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33375                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1477577                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44857                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1981618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41711                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        36361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          244910                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1474761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1069                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2018207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6874361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6874361                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         349209                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           44677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       148693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82728                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15913                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          325                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374607                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779506     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237196     10.03%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130938      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86337      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78733      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24305      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17588      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6101      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3979      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           397     11.88%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1361     40.72%     52.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1584     47.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131997     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25302      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135934      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81221      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374607                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.518684                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3342                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002431                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119242                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1692517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349689                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30590                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5423                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44857                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         30321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1635                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82728                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          865                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           38                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13352                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1354676                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19930                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81060                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.511163                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1349792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1349689                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798348                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2024786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.509281                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22160                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825851     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235075     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97594      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50155      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37312      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21356      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13110      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11070      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28303      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3763127                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2988088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                285500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6148711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1400631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         215772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82216                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2063156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1232286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            215772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       103946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              269763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         65993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        61230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          128663                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2167138     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          28812      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          33411      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          18296      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          20689      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11919      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8059      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          21064      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         127513      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2436901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.464981                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2046026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        78943                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          267275                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2262                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1504183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2049803                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         16519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        52745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          265806                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         9633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1502292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2089772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6993093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6993093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1749999                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         339773                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           27853                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       143893                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        77088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        16377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498542                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1405500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207613                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846345     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236651      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127775      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88104      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77582      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39654      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9814      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6303      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4673      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1455     45.90%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1359     42.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177535     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21919      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129387      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76488      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1405500                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3170                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002255                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5253021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706568                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28063                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         12439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143893                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13429                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        25858                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22370                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             197636                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         192636                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            76456                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.521900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1380295                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1380216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          821093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2153898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        22859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879758     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238931      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100058      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59726      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41370      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26930      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14299      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11142      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22296      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1027305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1260511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               190768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              115830                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           180386                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1136473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        25676                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        22296                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3871159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3040284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33508                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                213282                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1027305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1260511                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1027305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.579743                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.579743                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.387635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.387635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6237212                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1918257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1401067                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         204334                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18350                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131048                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12917                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2110843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1159493                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            204334                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       137755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              256242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        33258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          129617                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2441790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2185548     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          37170      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20668      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36404      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12573      0.51%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33460      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5664      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10041      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         100262      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2441790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.437514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2093583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        51330                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          255500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41031                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        20709                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1306706                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41031                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2095977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         28428                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          253235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1303685                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1720339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5924809                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5924809                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1359172                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         361167                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       226087                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        40270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8920                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1294448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1199485                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1206                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256109                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544329                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2441790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919827     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168264      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167415      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99042      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55277      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14700      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16529      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          405      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          331      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2441790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2252     57.89%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     23.50%     81.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          724     18.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       946092     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9889      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           89      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203733     16.99%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39682      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1199485                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.452605                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003243                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4845856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1165973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1203375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50879                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41031                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         21607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1294647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226087                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8422                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        19399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1181720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       200163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             239813                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         178115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            39650                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445901                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1166585                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1165973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          703409                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1573225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439959                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.447113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       912737                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1035392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259311                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2400759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431277                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2011012     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155891      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96769      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31584      1.32%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50297      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10623      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6820      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6116      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31647      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2400759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       912737                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1035392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               213864                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              175208                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           158038                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          907364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3663802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2630466                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                208393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            912737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1035392                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       912737                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.903556                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.903556                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.344405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.344405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5475375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1529797                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1368821                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         204127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18412                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131112                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12933                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2107835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1158705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            204127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       137634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              256027                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         60161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        32518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129571                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17869                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2438011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2181984     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          36897      1.51%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20899      0.86%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36326      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12498      0.51%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          33580      1.38%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5613      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10092      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         100122      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2438011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.437217                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2090600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        50566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          255292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41216                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        20628                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          415                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1305965                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41216                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2092937                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         28146                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          253034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6943                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1302955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1719659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5922112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5922112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1356713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         362934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18432                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       226069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        40147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8942                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1293552                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          194                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1198174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       257003                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       547590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2438011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1916840     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167899      6.89%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167251      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98726      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55159      2.26%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14935      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16446      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          432      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          323      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2438011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2300     58.49%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     23.14%     81.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722     18.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944973     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9841      0.82%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203741     17.00%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39531      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1198174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.452110                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3932                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003282                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4839567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1164365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1202106                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51037                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41216                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         21204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          873                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          101                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          469                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8440                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        19487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199868                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             239375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         177718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            39507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.445272                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1164966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1164365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          702769                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1573287                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.439353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.446688                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       911276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1033587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        18100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007806     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155628      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96590      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31372      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50256      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10572      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6848      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6093      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31630      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       911276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1033587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               213558                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              175032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          905750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31630                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3658961                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2628877                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                212172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            911276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1033587                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       911276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.908211                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.908211                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.343854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.343854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5467830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1528089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1367703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650181                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         206346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11262                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166278                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1294477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            206346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        83003                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              255306                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         39885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        55663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          126035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2504305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2248999     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           9112      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18659      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7557      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          41627      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          37458      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7048      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          15288      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118557      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2504305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077861                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2153562                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        68786                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          254253                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          851                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        26850                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        18279                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1517549                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        26850                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2156373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         48329                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        12993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7324                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1515726                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           39                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1787881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7133713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7133713                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1550416                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         237401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           96                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20165                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       354032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       177854                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8571                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1511006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1441105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1043                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       337942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2504305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1991650     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       154005      6.15%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125974      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54357      2.17%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69167      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66351      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37761      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3228      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1812      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2504305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3670     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28072     86.10%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          862      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       908385     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12595      0.87%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342896     23.79%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       177143     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1441105                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.543776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32604                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022624                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5420162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1649118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1426783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1473709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        26850                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         44428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1511188                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       354032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177854                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6532                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        14421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1429690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341536                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             518631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         186983                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           177095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.539469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1426913                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1426783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          772530                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1528484                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.538372                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505422                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1149744                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1351372                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        12585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2477455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986674     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179597      7.25%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84106      3.39%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82902      3.35%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22505      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96105      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7463      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5290      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12813      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2477455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1149744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1351372                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               512695                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              336596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           178449                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1201848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        12813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3975943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3049514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48791                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                145876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1149744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1351372                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1149744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.305018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.305018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.433836                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.433836                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7058484                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1662737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1797233                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         215628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22801                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82004                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062054                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1231668                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            215628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       103733                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              269546                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         65655                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        63523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          128544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22544                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2168063     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          28845      1.18%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          33505      1.37%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          18235      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          20436      0.84%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11975      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           7919      0.32%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          21014      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         127617      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2437609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.464749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2044426                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        81763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          267009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2283                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        42124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1503003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        42124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2048249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         15309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        56585                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          265491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         9847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1501013                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2088137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6987297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6987297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1751877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         336260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           28555                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       143595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        77345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497144                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1405633                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1933                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204789                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846900     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236751      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127883      5.25%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88051      3.61%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77534      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39638      1.63%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9986      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6207      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4659      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           357     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1448     45.52%     56.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1376     43.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177328     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21975      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129472      9.21%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76687      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1405633                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530392                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3181                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5253989                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702357                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380429                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3617                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        42124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10935                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1118                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1497538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          739                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        25761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383366                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121462                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             198107                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         192832                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            76645                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.521990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1380513                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1380429                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          821161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2152961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520881                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381410                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1261821                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22784                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1880274     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239162      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100181      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59707      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41380      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26967      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14276      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11139      0.46%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22399      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1028373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1261821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190945                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              115945                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           180582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1137641                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        25700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        22399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3870645                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3037245                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 33447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                212570                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1028373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1261821                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1028373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.577060                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.577060                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6238545                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1918274                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1400869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         206136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185637                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12602                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2164939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1293618                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            206136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        82837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              254915                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         40090                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        55607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125993                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2502659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2247744     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8989      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18626      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7515      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          41573      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37445      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6967      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          15276      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         118524      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2502659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.488124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2151764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        69216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          253824                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          862                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        26990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        18218                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1516023                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        26990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2154627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         46051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        15393                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          251954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7641                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1514151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1786405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7125747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7125747                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1546587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         239800                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       353687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       177605                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1645                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1438627                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       139105                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       339200                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2502659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990790     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153699      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126032      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54314      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68824      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66253      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37696      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3223      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1828      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2502659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3619     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28079     86.30%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          838      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906459     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12555      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342539     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176988     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1438627                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.542841                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32536                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022616                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5413422                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1648212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1424325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1471163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        26990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         42112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1509057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177605                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1337                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7939                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        14502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1427173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             518156                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         186615                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           176955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.538519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1424470                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1424325                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          770870                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1524342                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.537444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1147390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1348503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160727                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2475669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986091     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178926      7.23%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83976      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82666      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22487      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96112      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7434      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5301      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12676      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2475669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1147390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1348503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               512241                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              336306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           178024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1199256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3972223                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3045469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                147524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1147390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1348503                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1147390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.309749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.309749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.432947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.432947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7046773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1659830                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1796028                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         217743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178141                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83609                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2088221                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1217742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            217743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       105532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              252953                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         64086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        52023                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          129510                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23067                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2180898     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11793      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18351      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          24673      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26026      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          21873      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11855      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          18418      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         119964      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2433851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082161                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459494                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2066864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        73848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          252315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          401                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        40418                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35670                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1492543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        40418                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2073080                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         16203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        44142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          246526                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1490997                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2081073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6931671                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6931671                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1770877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         310191                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           42467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       140596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        74607                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        30532                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183821                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       446853                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1831481     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254849     10.47%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127448      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89421      3.67%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71290      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29287      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19087      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9690      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1298      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     13.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     36.18%     49.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1274     50.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1180186     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20794      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126948      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74237      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.529148                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2507                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001788                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5241362                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2861                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        40418                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         13089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1370                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1488233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74607                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12588                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21141                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             193506                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         195967                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            74211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521171                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1378982                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1378908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          792982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2137379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520307                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1032244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270145                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218016                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1864076     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266751     11.15%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96578      4.04%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46017      1.92%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44326      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22880      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16544      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8861      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27399      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1032244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1270145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               188283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              115102                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183199                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1144328                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        26139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        27399                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3854181                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3016822                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33675                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                216332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1032244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1270145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1032244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.567400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.567400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389499                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389499                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6213392                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1922775                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1382397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         206704                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78696                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20603                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2002373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1222157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            206704                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99299                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              250761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         67598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        68016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124894                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21708                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2366347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2115586     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          13138      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          21022      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31841      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13086      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          15658      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          16244      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11572      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128200      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2366347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461159                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1977009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        94019                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          249065                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1481798                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1982065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         43147                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        35418                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          245547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        15289                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1479157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2024271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6894108                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6894108                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1673127                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         351138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           44753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       149211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        82756                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1474481                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1377403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2366347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1780638     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237102     10.02%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130897      5.53%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86479      3.65%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79015      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24420      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17640      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6178      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3978      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2366347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           389     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1386     41.24%     52.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1586     47.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134546     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25343      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136190      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81171      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1377403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.519739                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002440                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5126544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1699263                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1352352                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5300                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1104                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        44869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         32265                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474804                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82756                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25068                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             209930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         184105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            81014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.512230                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1352454                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1352352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          800359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2030590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.510286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394151                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1002379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1222260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22023                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2321478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826352     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235769     10.16%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97580      4.20%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50324      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37459      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21428      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13002      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11141      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28423      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2321478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1002379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1222260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               195823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              118367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           169775                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1104980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        23826                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3769031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2996837                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 35483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                283836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1002379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1222260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1002379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.643893                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.643893                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.378230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.378230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6160708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1848261                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1403713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         206630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83376                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2001112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1221930                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            206630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        99339                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              250816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         67957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        68380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124911                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2365768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2114952     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          13167      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21167      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          31826      1.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13138      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15472      0.65%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          16105      0.68%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          11464      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         128477      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2365768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461074                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1975577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        94568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          249112                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        45132                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        33510                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1481916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        45132                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1980618                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         41567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        37512                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          245572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        15355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1479218                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         7811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1066                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2023531                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6894468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6894468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1671340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         352182                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           45040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       149672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        82911                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15926                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1474430                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1377518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2214                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225205                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2365768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779883     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237283     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131120      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86231      3.64%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78943      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24404      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17791      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6140      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3973      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2365768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           399     11.69%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1420     41.62%     53.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1593     46.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1134212     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25323      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136521      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81309      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1377518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.519782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3412                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002477                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5126430                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1352169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31399                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        45132                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         30013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82911                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11853                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13360                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25213                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1357424                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             210260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         183964                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            81154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.512200                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1352273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1352169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          800117                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2030202                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.510217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.394107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1221023                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1826167     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235497     10.15%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97411      4.20%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50313      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37324      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21280      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13012      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11059      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28573      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1001360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1221023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               195667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              118271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           169595                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1103872                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23802                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28573                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3768132                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2997284                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 35452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                284415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1001360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1221023                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1001360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.646584                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.646584                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.377846                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.377846                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6160764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1848068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1403750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         206106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12661                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2166038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1293898                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            206106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        82905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              255040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         40089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        55057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126085                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2503282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2248242     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8977      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18580      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7612      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          41570      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37443      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7040      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15299      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         118519      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2503282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488230                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2153225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        68328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          253920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          866                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        26940                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        18235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1516568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        26940                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2156065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         48132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        12619                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          252047                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7476                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1514459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1786745                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7127906                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7127906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1547578                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         239064                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           20753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       353798                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       177678                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8743                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1509216                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1439201                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1044                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138236                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       338256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2503282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1991282     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153582      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126013      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54455      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69034      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66240      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37662      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3192      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1822      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2503282                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3586     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28078     86.37%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          844      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       906995     63.02%     63.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12570      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342568     23.80%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176982     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1439201                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.543057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32508                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022588                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5415236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647683                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1424884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1471709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17419                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          132                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        26940                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         44199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1509397                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353798                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177678                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1358                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1427741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             518214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         186668                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           176948                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538733                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1425005                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1424884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          771248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1525378                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.505611                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1147968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349209                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160281                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986423     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179138      7.23%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84014      3.39%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82668      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22587      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96086      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7434      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5279      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12713      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1147968                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1349209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               512340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              336369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           178122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1199892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13107                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12713                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3973119                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3046009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48876                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                146901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1147968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1349209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1147968                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.308586                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.308586                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.433166                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.433166                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7049229                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1660678                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1796317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         240921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1321400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            240921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       111477                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              274563                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        63195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130849                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22168                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2465571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038331                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2191008     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16567      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21066      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33425      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13755      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          18187      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          21201      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9842      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         140520      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2465571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.498607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2073555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        76832                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          273166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          145                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        36505                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1614035                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2076160                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          5694                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        64857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          270685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6302                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1602895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2239664                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7449954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7449954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1847432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         392231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       151473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        77781                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17412                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491650                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205892                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2465571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834907     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286392     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118041      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        66083      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89427      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27925      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27157      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14460      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1179      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2465571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10288     78.73%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1438     11.00%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1341     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256392     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20247      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          183      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137441      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77387      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491650                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.562848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008760                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5463746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1769863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31411                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4279                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          556                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563953                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77781                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13501                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464401                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134615                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27249                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         206701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            77351                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.552566                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1450715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1450675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          869524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2334914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.547387                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1324257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23278                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2423702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862545     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284821     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103027      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51579      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46851      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19813      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19537      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9278      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26251      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2423702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1074781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1324257                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               196297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              120062                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           191980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1192205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26251                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3961405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3169811                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                184612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1074781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1324257                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1074781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.465789                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.465789                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.405550                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.405550                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6586183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2029335                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1491604                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         204349                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180493                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18330                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131140                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124853                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12892                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2110477                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1160104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            204349                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       137745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              256264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         59802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        33340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          129609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17796                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2441436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2185172     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          36945      1.51%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          20642      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          36413      1.49%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12749      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          33508      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5815      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9954      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         100238      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2441436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.437745                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2092512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        52127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          255518                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        20630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          419                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1307445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2094934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28973                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        16233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          253223                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7132                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1304434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1721785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5928705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5928705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1360780                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         361005                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          103                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           18856                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       226154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        40265                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1295126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          195                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1200435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1208                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544213                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2441436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1919061     78.60%     78.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168545      6.90%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167454      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99301      4.07%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54878      2.25%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14723      0.60%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16706      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          340      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2441436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2265     58.08%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          910     23.33%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          725     18.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       946817     78.87%     78.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9903      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           89      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203905     16.99%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39721      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1200435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.452963                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4847414                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1551211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1167010                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1204335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1183                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50854                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1558                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         21774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          885                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1295326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40265                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          473                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8418                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        19466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1182934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       200332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17501                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             240017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         178195                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            39685                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.446359                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1167584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1167010                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          703989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1576188                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.440351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.446640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       913648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1036507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258877                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2400498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2010352     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155997      6.50%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97161      4.05%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31405      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50297      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10575      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6834      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6110      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31767      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2400498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       913648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1036507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               214007                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              175300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           158210                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          908352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        13742                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        31767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3664102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2631737                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 48529                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                208747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            913648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1036507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       913648                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.900661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.900661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.344749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.344749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5480878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1531729                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1369425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         240959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200503                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23274                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92405                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85752                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2086635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1320892                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            240959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       111343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              274471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65534                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        62310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          130863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2465452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.037973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2190981     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          16716      0.68%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20914      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          33426      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13727      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          18195      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          21177      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9879      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         140437      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2465452                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.498415                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2074562                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        75804                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          273121                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41821                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        36614                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1613509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41821                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2077109                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        64009                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          270696                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6189                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1602643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2239495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7447767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7447767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1846594                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         392892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       151269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        77760                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17437                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1491462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1819                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2465452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834904     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286284     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118383      4.80%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65731      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89400      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27773      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27273      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14516      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1188      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2465452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10364     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1439     10.95%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1337     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256209     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20254      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137414      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77403      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1491462                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.562777                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13140                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008810                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5463335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1769531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1450345                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1070                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41821                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1166                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77760                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13564                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26518                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1464030                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134611                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             211986                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         206718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            77375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.552426                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1450391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1450345                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          868829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2332257                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.547262                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372527                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1074314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323747                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          373                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23269                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2423631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862751     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284725     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102885      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51569      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46838      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19831      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19498      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9222      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26312      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2423631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1074314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1323747                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               196253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              120048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           191938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1191726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27327                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        26312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3960926                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3169066                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32865                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                184731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1074314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1323747                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1074314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.466861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.466861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.405374                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.405374                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6584298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2028694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1491156                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         206638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21626                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83797                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20673                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2002979                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1222161                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            206638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        99605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              250940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67390                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        66201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124892                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2365099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2114159     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13114      0.55%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21096      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31815      1.35%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13285      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15565      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16300      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11460      0.48%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         128305      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2365099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461161                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1977983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        91849                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          249223                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1482468                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1982916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         39076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        37259                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          245786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1479590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         1115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1320                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2023750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6897167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6897167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1675474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         348264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          175                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       149785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        83074                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4120                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1474871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1379118                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2365099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778659     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237308     10.03%     85.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131257      5.55%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86357      3.65%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79302      3.35%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24443      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17621      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6140      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4012      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2365099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     41.79%     53.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1606     46.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1135478     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25356      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136705      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81426      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1379118                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.520386                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002483                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5128900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1353726                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1382542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6415                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31260                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1115                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         27784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1615                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1475198                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83074                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          838                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11861                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13263                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25124                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1358932                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129184                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             210448                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         184293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            81264                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.512769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1353838                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1353726                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          800791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2032331                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.510805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394026                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1223947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2320448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1824855     78.64%     78.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235883     10.17%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97885      4.22%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50338      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37377      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21296      0.92%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13086      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11048      0.48%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28680      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2320448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1003742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1223947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               196071                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              118521                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           170018                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1106492                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28680                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3768165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2997465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                285084                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1003742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1223947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1003742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.640303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.640303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.378744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.378744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6167348                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1850177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1404143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2650183                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         215667                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82391                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2063692                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1232030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            215667                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       104070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              269824                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          128670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2167766     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          28896      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          33515      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          18286      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          20720      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11830      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           8105      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          21054      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         127418      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2437590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.464885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2046343                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        79551                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          267325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42125                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35014                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1503445                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42125                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2050105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         15882                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        53949                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          265850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1501557                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2088661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6990475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6990475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1752392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         336257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27982                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143565                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        77388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16401                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1497667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1405728                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       479836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846560     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237226      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127626      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88268      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77439      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39655      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9944      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6225      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4647      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.41%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1426     45.20%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     43.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177584     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21953      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129380      9.20%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76640      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1405728                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530427                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3155                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5254078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703232                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42125                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         11431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498054                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143565                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12553                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383647                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192814                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            76600                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522095                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1380908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1380813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          821461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2154534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1262180                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22805                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1880066     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239130      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100273      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59744      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41466      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27045      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14297      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11151      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22293      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1028674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1262180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190986                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115971                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           180642                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1137953                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25705                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3871235                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3038262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 33491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                212593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1028674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1262180                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1028674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.576310                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.576310                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.388152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.388152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6240152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1918792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1401215                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5619                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32739.678098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           617736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.104489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1472.771555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   272.679445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.839908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    91.656687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.499856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   125.972684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.684479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   128.201964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.477023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   187.528431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.840842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    95.024391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.529930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   195.026253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.868389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    96.130341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.746369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   281.586154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.747292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   280.345063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.530679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   193.240986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.033782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    51.453357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.502942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   123.599618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.870680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    48.556804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.746227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   275.554261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.841937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    92.730232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2383.152832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1573.824401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1750.005035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1725.281311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1927.506856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1561.038952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1912.313261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1206.492197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2385.927907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2400.579806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1886.131237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1026.634797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1733.184734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1022.905960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2397.321097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1578.813658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.044945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.005952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.008593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.008555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.072728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.048029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.053406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.052651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.058823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.047639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.058359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.036819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.072813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.073260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.057560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.031330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.052893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.031217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.073160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.048182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3333                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3333                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2134894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     82037642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2373355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26603625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3917559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33391536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3987197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34929523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2302380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61355378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2266647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     28138498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2062323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62890475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4483447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25821830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2265573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     84999909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2060192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     85051888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2223251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62323045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17805103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3828411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33471064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3098511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17291208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     81860927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26909756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       810066742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9155208                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       133723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8430492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8735819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9005055                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       305962                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35766259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2134894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91192850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2373355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26603625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3917559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33391536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3987197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34929523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2302380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61355378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2266647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     28272221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2062323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62890475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4483447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25821830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2265573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93430401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2060192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93787707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2223251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62323045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17805103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3828411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33471064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3098511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17291208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     90865982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27215718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        845833001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2134894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91192850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2373355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     26603625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3917559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33391536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3987197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34929523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2302380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61355378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2266647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     28272221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2062323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62890475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4483447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     25821830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2265573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     93430401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2060192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     93787707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2223251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     62323045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4056416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17805103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3828411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     33471064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3098511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17291208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     90865982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2076442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27215718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       845833001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               258                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.531769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.387858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.542830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.339080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374790                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.469919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.566606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.567518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.372910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.325648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.480089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.566606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.567518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.372910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.325648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.480089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164222.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150804.488971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169525.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149458.567416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150675.346154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149737.829596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153353.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151867.491304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       153492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150750.314496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161903.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150473.251337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147308.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151909.359903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154601.620690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150126.918605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174274.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150709.058511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158476.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150801.219858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158803.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151637.579075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150237.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150890.703390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150094.457399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147548.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153019.539823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157595.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149928.437729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148317.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149498.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150962.866567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 147664.645161                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       133723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 147903.368421                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150617.568966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150084.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       152981                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149026.079167                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164222.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150483.250825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169525.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149458.567416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150675.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149737.829596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153353.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151867.491304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       153492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150750.314496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161903.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150384.154255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147308.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151909.359903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154601.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150126.918605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174274.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150451.531401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158476.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150784.094855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158803.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151637.579075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150237.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150890.703390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150094.457399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147548.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153019.539823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157595.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149943.864686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148317.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149536.912088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150879.950232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164222.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150483.250825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169525.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 149458.567416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150675.346154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149737.829596                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153353.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151867.491304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       153492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150750.314496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161903.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150384.154255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147308.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151909.359903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154601.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150126.918605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174274.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150451.531401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 158476.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150784.094855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158803.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151637.579075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150237.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150890.703390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 147246.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150094.457399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 147548.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153019.539823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157595.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149943.864686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148317.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149536.912088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150879.950232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1378694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50380709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1558604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16233604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2404957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20408315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21537477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1427840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37729161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1453567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17257748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1246977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38811931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2796793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15809835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1511113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     52174228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1305139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52222917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1408663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38414266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2484597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10937109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2315572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20490510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1876949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10717910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1294698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50083876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1261033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16430756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497841487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5546105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        74983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5109936                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5357048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5509750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       189914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21787736                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1378694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55926814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1558604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16233604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2404957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20408315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21537477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1427840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37729161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1453567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17332731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1246977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38811931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2796793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15809835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1511113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57284164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1305139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57579965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1408663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38414266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2484597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10937109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2315572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20490510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1876949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10717910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1294698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55593626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1261033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16620670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519629223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1378694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55926814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1558604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     16233604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2404957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20408315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2475939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     21537477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1427840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     37729161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1453567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17332731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1246977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38811931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2796793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15809835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1511113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57284164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1305139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57579965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1408663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     38414266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2484597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10937109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2315572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     20490510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1876949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10717910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1294698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     55593626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1261033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     16620670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519629223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.531769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.372910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.387858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.377193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.542830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.543353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.339080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.328488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.531646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.469919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.566606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.567518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.372910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.325648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.480089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.558525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.344961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.385906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.365049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.374728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.566606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.567518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.372910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.325648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.480089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106053.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92611.597426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 111328.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91200.022472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92498.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91517.107623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95228.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93641.204348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95189.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92700.641278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103826.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92287.422460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89069.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93748.625604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96441.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91917.645349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 116239.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92507.496454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100395.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92593.824468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100618.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93465.367397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92022.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92687.364407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89060.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91885.695067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89378.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94848.761062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99592.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91728.710623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90073.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91281.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92777.019568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 89453.306452                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        74983                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        89648                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92362.896552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91829.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        94957                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90782.233333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106053.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92288.471947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 111328.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91200.022472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92498.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91517.107623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95228.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93641.204348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95189.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92700.641278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103826.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92195.377660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89069.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93748.625604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96441.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91917.645349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 116239.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92245.030596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100395.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92572.290997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100618.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93465.367397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92022.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92687.364407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89060.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91885.695067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89378.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94848.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99592.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91738.656766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90073.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91322.362637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92691.620228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 106053.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92288.471947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 111328.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91200.022472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92498.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 91517.107623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95228.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93641.204348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95189.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92700.641278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 103826.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92195.377660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89069.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93748.625604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96441.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91917.645349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 116239.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92245.030596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 100395.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92572.290997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 100618.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93465.367397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 92022.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92687.364407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 89060.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91885.695067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 89378.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94848.761062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 99592.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91738.656766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90073.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91322.362637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92691.620228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.744803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.541833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.744803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2723410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2723410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2723410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2723410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2723410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2723410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160200.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160200.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160200.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160200.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160200.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160200.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2266704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2266704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174361.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174361.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174361.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174361.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174361.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174361.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1085                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             93240.865026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.112881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.887119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76435                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    324768532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324768532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     81670681                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81670681                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    406439213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406439213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    406439213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    406439213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 134035.712753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134035.712753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 176776.365801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176776.365801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140880.143154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140880.143154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 140880.143154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140880.143154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    121948237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121948237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9803391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9803391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131751628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131751628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131751628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131751628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119206.487781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119206.487781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 158119.209677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158119.209677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121430.071889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121430.071889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121430.071889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121430.071889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.839086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746973255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1505994.465726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.839086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         128643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       128643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        128643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3699060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3699060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3699060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3699060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3699060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3699060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       128663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       128663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       128663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       184953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       184953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       184953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       184953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       184953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       184953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2585703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2585703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2585703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184693.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184693.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184693.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184693.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 184693.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184693.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              117716523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             152482.542746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   167.513005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    88.486995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.654348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.345652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        88776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        74526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         163302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        163302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    218102821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218102821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5123306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5123306                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    223226127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223226127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    223226127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223226127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        74577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       165138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       165138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 122186.454342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122186.454342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100456.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100456.980392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121582.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121582.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121582.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121582.857843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51673165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51673165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51673165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51673165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     51673165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51673165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100141.792636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100141.792636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100141.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100141.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100141.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100141.792636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.544931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643069808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1162874.878843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.445805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.099125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         129586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        129586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5121655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5121655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5121655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5121655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5121655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5121655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       129617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       129617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165214.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165214.677419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165214.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165214.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165214.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165214.677419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4475463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4475463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4475463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4475463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165757.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165757.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 165757.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150604670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175734.737456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.151367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.848633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.617779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.382221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       181076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        181076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         219524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        219524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224481796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224481796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1533416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1533416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226015212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226015212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226015212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226015212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       183145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108497.726438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108497.726438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102227.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102227.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108452.596929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108452.596929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108452.596929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108452.596929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61898247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61898247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       240176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     62138423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62138423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     62138423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62138423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103508.774247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103508.774247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 80058.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80058.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103391.718802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103391.718802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103391.718802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103391.718802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              550.729846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643069761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1162874.793852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.630281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.099566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5285814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5285814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5285814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5285814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5285814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5285814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165181.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165181.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165181.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165181.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165181.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165181.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4559261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4559261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4559261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4559261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4559261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4559261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168861.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168861.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168861.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168861.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168861.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168861.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150604346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176765.664319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   156.262640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    99.737360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.610401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.389599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       219201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         219201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       219201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        219201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    227023283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    227023283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1282301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1282301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228305584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228305584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    228305584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228305584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       182926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       221260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       221260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111068.142368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111068.142368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85486.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85486.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110881.779505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110881.779505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110881.779505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110881.779505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63031986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63031986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       193208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63225194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63225194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63225194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63225194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106293.399663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106293.399663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64402.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64402.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106082.540268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106082.540268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106082.540268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106082.540268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              557.476176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765406915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1371696.980287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.476176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.023199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         126017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        126017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2851652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2851652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2851652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2851652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2851652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2851652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       126035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       126035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158425.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158425.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158425.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158425.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158425.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158425.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2491073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166071.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166071.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166071.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166071.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166071.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166071.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287890921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             263154.406764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.535059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   154.464941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.396621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.603379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       322284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       175926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       498210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         498210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       498210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        498210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         3025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         3025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    375748306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    375748306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    375748306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    375748306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    375748306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    375748306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       325309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       175926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       501235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       501235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       501235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       501235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124214.316033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124214.316033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124214.316033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124214.316033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124214.316033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124214.316033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97245562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97245562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97245562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97245562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     97245562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97245562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115906.510131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115906.510131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115906.510131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115906.510131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115906.510131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115906.510131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.840052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746973136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1505994.225806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.840052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.022180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       128524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       128524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         128524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       128524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        128524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3469495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3469495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3469495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3469495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3469495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3469495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       128544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       128544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       128544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       128544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       128544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173474.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173474.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 173474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173474.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2449881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2449881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2449881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2449881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174991.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174991.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174991.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174991.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 174991.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174991.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              117716669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             152680.504540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   168.250866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    87.749134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.657230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.342770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        74588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         163446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       163446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        163446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    226144290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226144290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7135737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7135737                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    233280027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233280027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    233280027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233280027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        74639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       165301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       165301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125357.145233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125357.145233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 139916.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139916.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125757.426954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125757.426954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125757.426954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125757.426954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52875921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52875921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       142023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       142023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     53017944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53017944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     53017944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53017944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102871.441634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102871.441634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       142023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       142023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102947.464078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102947.464078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102947.464078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102947.464078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.529165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765406875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374159.560144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.529165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2508029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2508029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2508029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2508029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2508029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2508029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156751.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156751.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156751.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156751.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156751.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156751.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2210921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2210921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2210921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157922.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157922.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157922.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157922.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 157922.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157922.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  832                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287890506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             264605.244485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   101.644539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   154.355461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.397049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.602951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       322028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       175762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175762                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       497790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         497790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       497790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        497790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    380603777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380603777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    380603777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380603777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    380603777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380603777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       325045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       175762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       500807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       500807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126153.058336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126153.058336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126153.058336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126153.058336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126153.058336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126153.058336                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             123                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2185                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98411671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98411671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98411671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98411671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98411671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98411671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118283.258413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118283.258413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118283.258413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118283.258413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118283.258413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118283.258413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              500.643100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              746409148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1475116.893281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    25.643100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.041095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         129472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       129472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        129472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6245037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6245037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6245037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6245037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6245037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6245037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       129510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       129510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       129510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164343.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164343.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164343.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164343.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164343.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164343.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4969391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4969391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160302.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.935484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160302.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160302.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160302.935484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              112762019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             157709.117483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   159.016671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    96.983329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.621159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.378841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        87285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        72820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         160105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       160105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        160105                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    177373565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177373565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1241532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1241532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    178615097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    178615097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    178615097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    178615097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        88747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        72836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       161583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       161583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121322.547880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121322.547880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77595.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77595.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120849.186062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120849.186062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120849.186062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120849.186062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     46898778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46898778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47091437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47091437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     47091437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47091437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102848.197368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102848.197368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64219.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102595.723312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102595.723312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102595.723312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102595.723312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.745685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750132806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1494288.458167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.745685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3005345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3005345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3005345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3005345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3005345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3005345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166963.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166963.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166963.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166963.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166963.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166963.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2420523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2420523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2420523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2420523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186194.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186194.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186194.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186194.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 186194.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186194.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 1096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              125036227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             92482.416420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   189.942202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    66.057798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.741962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.258038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        94672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76613                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         171285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       171285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        171285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    337615637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337615637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     76940305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76940305                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    414555942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    414555942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    414555942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    414555942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77048                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       174224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.025768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134830.525958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134830.525958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 176874.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176874.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 141053.399796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141053.399796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 141053.399796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141053.399796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             491                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1843                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124559233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124559233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9114293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9114293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    133673526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133673526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    133673526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133673526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119883.766121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119883.766121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159899.877193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159899.877193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121964.895985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121964.895985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121964.895985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121964.895985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.746603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750132823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1494288.492032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.746603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2766869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2766869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2766869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2766869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2766869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2766869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153714.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153714.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153714.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153714.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153714.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153714.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2202576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2202576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2202576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169428.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169428.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169428.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169428.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              125036237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             92482.423817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.639463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    65.360537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.744685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.255315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        94743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94743                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76553                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       171296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         171296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       171296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        171296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    335826958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335826958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77981607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77981607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413808565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413808565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    413808565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413808565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        97260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        76988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       174248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.016941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133423.503377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133423.503377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 179268.062069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179268.062069                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140179.053184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140179.053184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 140179.053184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140179.053184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    124594716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124594716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9354557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9354557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133949273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133949273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133949273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133949273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120033.445087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120033.445087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 161285.465517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161285.465517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122216.489964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122216.489964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122216.489964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122216.489964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.529907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765406967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374159.725314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.529907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2721111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2721111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2721111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2721111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2721111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2721111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170069.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170069.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170069.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170069.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170069.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170069.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2392755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2392755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2392755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2392755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2392755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2392755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170911.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170911.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170911.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170911.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170911.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170911.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287890468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             263153.992687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.683691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.316309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.397202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.602798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       321959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175798                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         497757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        497757                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    381335982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381335982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    381335982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    381335982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    381335982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    381335982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       325013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       500811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       500811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124864.434185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124864.434185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124864.434185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124864.434185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124864.434185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124864.434185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98231366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98231366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98231366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98231366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     98231366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98231366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116942.102381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116942.102381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116942.102381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116942.102381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116942.102381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116942.102381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              468.422610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749857288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1549291.917355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.422610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130813                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5605494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5605494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5605494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5605494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5605494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5605494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155708.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155708.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155708.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155708.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155708.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155708.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4505004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4505004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4505004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155344.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155344.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155344.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155344.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155344.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155344.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108862676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             179345.429984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   117.147724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   138.852276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.457608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.542392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        75848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       179336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         179336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       179336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        179336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     96627347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96627347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       751710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751710                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97379057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97379057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97379057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97379057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       104368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        75856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       180224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       180224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109803.803409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109803.803409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93963.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93963.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109661.100225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.100225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109661.100225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109661.100225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35167799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35167799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       209390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       209390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35377189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35377189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35377189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35377189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101056.893678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101056.893678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69796.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100789.712251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100789.712251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100789.712251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100789.712251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              550.547900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              643069798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1162874.860759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.449073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.098826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         129576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        129576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5087259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5087259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5087259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       129609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       129609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154159.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154159.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154159.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154159.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154159.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154159.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4274506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4274506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4274506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4274506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4274506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4274506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158315.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158315.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158315.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158315.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158315.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158315.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              150604823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             176352.251756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.218785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.781215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.618042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.381958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       181177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        181177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       219676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         219676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       219676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        219676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    225006598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225006598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1840965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1840965                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    226847563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226847563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    226847563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226847563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       183239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        38514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       221753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       221753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000389                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109120.561591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109120.561591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       122731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       122731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109218.855561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109218.855561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109218.855561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109218.855561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              66                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1479                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61605888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61605888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       287100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       287100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61892988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61892988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61892988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61892988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103539.307563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103539.307563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        95700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103499.979933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103499.979933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103499.979933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103499.979933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              467.260720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              749857309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1568739.140167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.260720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         130834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       130834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        130834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4381168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4381168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4381168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4381168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4381168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4381168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       130863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       130863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       130863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151074.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151074.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151074.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151074.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151074.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151074.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3510763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3510763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3510763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3510763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152641.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152641.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152641.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152641.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152641.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152641.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              108862606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             180535.001658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   117.141316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   138.858684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.457583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.542417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       103450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       179266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         179266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       179266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        179266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          889                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     95302876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95302876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1173534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1173534                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96476410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96476410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     96476410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96476410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       104327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       180155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       180155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108669.185861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108669.185861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97794.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97794.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108522.395951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108522.395951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 108522.395951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108522.395951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34622005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34622005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       227697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       227697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34849702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34849702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34849702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34849702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100645.363372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100645.363372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        75899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100431.417867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100431.417867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100431.417867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100431.417867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.745543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494288.454183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.745543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2644842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2644842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2644842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2644842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2644842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2644842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146935.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146935.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146935.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146935.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 146935.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146935.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2166795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2166795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2166795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2166795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166676.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166676.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166676.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166676.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166676.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166676.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125036600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             93102.457185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   190.002959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    65.997041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.742199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.257801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        94965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76693                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         171658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       171658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        171658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    320139116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320139116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     80268340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80268340                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400407456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    400407456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    400407456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    400407456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        97369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        77142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       174511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       174511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.024690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 133169.349418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133169.349418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 178771.358575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178771.358575                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 140346.111462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140346.111462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 140346.111462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140346.111462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121955754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121955754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9596578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9596578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131552332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131552332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131552332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131552332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000778                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118634.001946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118634.001946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159942.966667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159942.966667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120912.069853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120912.069853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120912.069853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120912.069853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.841183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746973262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1505994.479839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.841183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         128650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        128650                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3105625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3105625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3105625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3105625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3105625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3105625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       128670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       128670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155281.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155281.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155281.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155281.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2210689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2210689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2210689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2210689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157906.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157906.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157906.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157906.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 157906.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157906.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117716671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             152088.722222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   168.647923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    87.352077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.658781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.341219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74603                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    219124855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219124855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8709006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8709006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    227833861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    227833861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    227833861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227833861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        74654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122211.296709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122211.296709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 170764.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170764.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123554.154555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123554.154555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123554.154555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123554.154555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52097655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52097655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       356762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       356762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52454417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52454417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52454417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52454417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100964.447674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100964.447674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       178381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       178381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101263.353282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101263.353282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101263.353282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101263.353282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
