
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 405025                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   526881                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  41042                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29107.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11789062070                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335910439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        43136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        43264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        68864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               557056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           48640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       186496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            186496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14250776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     36323407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22608375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               466311118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40716504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         156115648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              156115648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         156115648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13715033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14250776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     57110254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     36109110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     36323407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22608375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3214461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36216259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              622426766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         246111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205118                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93931                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88141                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132925                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1349024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            246111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       114181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              280304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         68124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       218308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          134168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22992                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2395058     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          17051      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21060      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          34325      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          14142      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          18749      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          21396      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10208      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         143373      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2675362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.085910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.470904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2120349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       232310                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          278888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        43642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1648542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        43642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2122953                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          6662                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       219229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          276418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1637672                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2287674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7610481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7610481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1877771                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         409898                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           23246                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       154584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        79049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        18028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1520272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453155                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2032810     75.98%     75.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291957     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119941      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67507      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90669      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28725      1.07%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27854      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14705      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1194      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10470     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.91%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1281431     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20565      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139368      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78721      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1520272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5731002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812984                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1533561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32560                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        43642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          5056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1597004                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27643                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491760                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             215290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         210230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            78701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.520729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1477957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1477941                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          885396                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2379356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.515905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1092270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250989                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061179     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289612     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105139      4.00%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52098      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47458      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20131      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19999      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26625      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1092270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1346018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               199635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              122021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           195035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1211965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27816                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26625                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4202102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3237662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 34384                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                189391                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1092270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1346018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1092270                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.622752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.622752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.381279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.381279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6709361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2067620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1522021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         194569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127999                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2059986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1108020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            194569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       138587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              246184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         56621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        88908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2434629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2188445     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          38131      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18423      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          37843      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          35400      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5061      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92243      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2434629                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067918                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.386777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2037722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       111945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          245532                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1230674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2040595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         79968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        23840                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          242702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1227739                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1601099                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5550196                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5550196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1260385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         340698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18944                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       229872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1219390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1128527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245728                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2434629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940105     79.69%     79.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150895      6.20%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171598      7.05%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96401      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48406      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12693      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13884      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2434629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1875     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.32%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879774     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207729     18.41%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1128527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.393935                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4696300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1097458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1131804                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        39171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         70219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1219556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1113319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             237170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         169691                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.388627                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1097888                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1097458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          666418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1421010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.383090                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.468975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       971400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16672                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2037241     85.05%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138531      5.78%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91162      3.81%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27954      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48723      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8815      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32301      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       869564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       971400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               210795                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              178813                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           149867                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          846357                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        32301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3582746                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2478421                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48151                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                430124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            869564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              971400                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       869564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.294471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.294471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.303539                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.303539                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5185209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1423543                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1316638                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         221457                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22342                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2125758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1239357                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            221457                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              257237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         64824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       126136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          131598                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293627     89.92%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11796      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18608      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          25040      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          26543      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          22456      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11877      0.47%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18882      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122035      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2550864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077304                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2104743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       148186                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          256618                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1518969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2110865                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         21231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       113403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          250892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1517742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2118511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7056594                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7056594                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1803309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         315202                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       142841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        76202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        17042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1514864                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1428233                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          424                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       451716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1947964     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246594      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125524      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95590      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75080      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29826      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19002      0.74%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9913      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1371      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           296     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          914     36.57%     48.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1201763     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21225      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129298      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75770      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1428233                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.498554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001750                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701580                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1404727                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1430732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2822                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25570                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1572                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40925                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         18142                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1515232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13821                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        26629                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406911                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             197328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            75745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.491111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1404806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1404727                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          807211                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2175633                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.490348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371024                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1051404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1293903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979329     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       262774     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99742      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47154      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39374      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23164      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20670      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9009      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28723      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1051404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1293903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               191901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              117271                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           186552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1165832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        28723                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3996444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3071415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34004                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                313889                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1293903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1051404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.724693                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.724693                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.367014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.367014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6329768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1958463                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1407505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292617     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945246     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249143      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126032      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94386      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75160      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417810                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976729     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001064                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                314013                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         222355                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182034                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90252                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85192                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22434                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2134415                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1244488                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            222355                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       107626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              258286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         65096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       126333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          132136                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23343                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2560983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2302697     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11846      0.46%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18688      0.73%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          25145      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          26645      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          22538      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11925      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18966      0.74%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122533      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2560983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.434414                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2113280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       148542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          257665                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        36318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1525164                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2119428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         19917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       114995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          251917                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1523942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2127201                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7085364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7085364                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1810698                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         316493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          366                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           42372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       143411                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        76504                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17088                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521034                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          368                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          425                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187151                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453689                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2560983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1955569     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247697      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126012      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95973      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75394      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29932      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19088      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9943      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1375      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2560983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           298     11.84%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          922     36.65%     48.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1296     51.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1206671     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21292      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129792      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76072      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.500568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001755                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5431934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1708567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1410425                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1436521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2828                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25670                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         16777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143411                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76504                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          188                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1029                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26730                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1412620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122063                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             198110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         200210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            76047                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.493104                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1410504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1410425                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          810525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2184468                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.492337                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371040                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1055736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1299149                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222261                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        23566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2519881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1987061     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263896     10.47%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100147      3.97%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47354      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39560      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23243      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20735      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9048      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28837      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2519881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1055736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1299149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               192666                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              117738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           187296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1170566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26762                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4012441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3083942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 34152                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                303770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1055736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1299149                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1055736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.713513                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.713513                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.368526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.368526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6355487                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1966446                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1413309                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         164471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62680                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          785                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1594218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               973198                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            164471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        79069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              199509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         55484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       145442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           99787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17696                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1976307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.952405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1776798     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10490      0.53%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16708      0.85%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          24963      1.26%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          10586      0.54%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12232      0.62%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13123      0.66%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9196      0.47%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         102211      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1976307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.339714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1573690                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       166595                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          197941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1239                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        26681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          300                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1179406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1577685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         59383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        94594                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          195246                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1176674                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          825                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1609985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5485039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5485039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1321703                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         288282                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          255                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           36391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       119286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        65910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3259                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        12680                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1172559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1093603                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       419432                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1976307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1509123     76.36%     76.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       190071      9.62%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104889      5.31%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68822      3.48%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62389      3.16%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19320      0.98%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13828      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4756      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3109      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1976307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1101     41.45%     53.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1231     46.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       900413     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20134      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          121      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108361      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64574      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1093603                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.381744                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2656                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4168020                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1073274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1096259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25614                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        36841                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         47339                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1456                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1172815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           33                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9577                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10936                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20513                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1077402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102644                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             167085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         146160                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            64441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.376089                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1073368                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1073274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          635558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1611371                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.374648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394421                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       792320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       966083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18001                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1939466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1547876     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186555      9.62%     89.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77515      4.00%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39334      2.03%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29639      1.53%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16904      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10533      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8658      0.45%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22452      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1939466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       792320                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       966083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               155029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               93672                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           134027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          873554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        18837                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        22452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3090689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2384198                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 28792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                888446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              966083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       792320                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.615652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.615652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.276575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.276575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4890634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1466676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1117865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         195109                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75113                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10495                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2047680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1222380                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            195109                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        78132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              240774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         38224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       309134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11910                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2626381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2385607     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           8288      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17655      0.67%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           7208      0.27%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          39335      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          35370      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6576      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          14348      0.55%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111994      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2626381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.426696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2033599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       326608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          239692                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        17094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1431744                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2036823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        296904                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        20482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          237452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1429573                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         3911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1685332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6725472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6725472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1457941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         227373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       335147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       168143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1424465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357980                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1209                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131115                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320660                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2626381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517054                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140075     81.48%     81.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147742      5.63%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120084      4.57%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51619      1.97%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65278      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61676      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35341      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2853      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1713      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2626381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3335     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26128     86.43%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       854281     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11731      0.86%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       324505     23.90%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       167383     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357980                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.474030                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30231                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022262                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5373776                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1555817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1388211                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16780                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        25650                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        291102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1424643                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       335147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       168143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6256                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7583                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        13839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1347001                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       323298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             490634                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         176352                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           167336                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.470198                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1344378                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1344238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          727327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1435112                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.469233                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506809                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1272534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        12075                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2600731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2137452     82.19%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       170381      6.55%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79459      3.06%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        78277      3.01%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21083      0.81%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89917      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6927      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4955      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12280      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2600731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1083115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1272534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               484753                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              318357                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           168098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1131418                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        12280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4013205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2875218                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 45761                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                238372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1272534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1083115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.644920                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.644920                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.378083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.378083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6653289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1565691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1698154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1209256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         37815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       318261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2608580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2370455     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8217      0.31%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17430      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7116      0.27%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38819      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34970      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6575      0.25%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14218      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110780      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2608580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.422115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2007465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       337846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1416190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2010815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        307036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        21321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1414016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1665897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6653317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6653317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1440371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         225520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       331773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       166520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       130803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2608580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127589     81.56%     81.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146433      5.61%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118726      4.55%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50816      1.95%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60901      2.33%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34980      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2844      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1707      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2608580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3341     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25812     86.26%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843932     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11618      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           79      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321253     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165736     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        300815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             485742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           165688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1329343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1329199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          719172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1419605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2583181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2125320     82.28%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168476      6.52%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78378      3.03%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77289      2.99%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20999      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88892      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6823      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4898      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12106      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2583181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1070588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1257627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               479711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              315052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           166029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1118154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3980387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2844069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                256173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1257627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.675869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.675869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6580660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1547098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1680308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         194267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10492                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1216370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            194267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        77847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              239674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         38212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       297408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          118664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11906                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2602774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2363100     90.79%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8283      0.32%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17654      0.68%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7174      0.28%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          39088      1.50%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          35093      1.35%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6574      0.25%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          14347      0.55%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         111461      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2602774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067813                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.424599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2020444                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       317264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          238598                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          821                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        25643                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17087                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1424980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        25643                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2023814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        284293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        23471                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          236282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1422820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         4063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1678928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6693206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6693206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1451531                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         227370                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       332607                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       166876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1417694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1351215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1200                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       131117                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320616                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2602774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.519144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.310043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2118162     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147512      5.67%     87.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119702      4.60%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51778      1.99%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65019      2.50%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61008      2.34%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35018      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2859      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1716      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2602774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3338     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25798     86.24%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       851355     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11695      0.87%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321972     23.83%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166113     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1351215                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.471669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29913                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022138                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5336317                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549048                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1337464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1381128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16783                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1740                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        25643                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        278042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2567                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1417872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332607                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1603                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        13829                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1340235                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             486833                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         175509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           166066                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.467836                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1337607                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1337464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          723976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1431174                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.466869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1077109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2577131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2115863     82.10%     82.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169976      6.60%     88.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        79132      3.07%     91.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77772      3.02%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21239      0.82%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89054      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6916      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4938      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12241      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2577131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1077109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1265772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               480952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              315820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           167256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1125488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12268                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        12241                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3982867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2861663                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                261979                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1077109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1265772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1077109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.659669                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.659669                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.375987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.375987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6617175                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1559260                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1688338                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1114060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       139648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         56817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        88257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16462                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2449651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2202205     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          38473      1.57%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18335      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38071      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10663      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          35615      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5166      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8490      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92633      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2449651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2051804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       111492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          246746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1236710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2054690                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         75043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        28187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          243922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1233809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1608009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5576267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5576267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1265861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         342132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           19180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       231514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1462                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       524140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2449651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.462933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.072485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1951781     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152546      6.23%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       172615      7.05%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97115      3.96%     96.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48524      1.98%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12528      0.51%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13916      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2449651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1877     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          793     24.19%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883486     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8180      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209449     18.47%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32836      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.395854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3278                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4722441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         65086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10647                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119061                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             239117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         170556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.390631                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1103269                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1102833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          669621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1424448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.384966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       976034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2410323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.404939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2049994     85.05%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139750      5.80%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91526      3.80%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27996      1.16%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49008      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8889      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5783      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4947      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32430      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2410323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       874198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       976034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212187                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              180201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           150627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          850235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        32430                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3603433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2490477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                415102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            874198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              976034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       874198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.277007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.277007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.305157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.305157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5213069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1429615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1324244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         193648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12071                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74526                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67037                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029523                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1213449                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            193648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        77432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              238897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         38489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       310449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          118268                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11889                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2607859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2368962     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8256      0.32%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          17534      0.67%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7113      0.27%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          38916      1.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35003      1.34%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6566      0.25%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          14253      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111256      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2607859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067597                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423579                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2014095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       329232                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          237819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1420919                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1400                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2017412                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296110                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        23726                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          235518                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1418697                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           78                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1672800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6673952                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6673952                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1443010                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         229785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           23921                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       332053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       166708                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1518                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1413436                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          174                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1345891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132751                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325052                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2607859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.307896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2125288     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147598      5.66%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118830      4.56%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50869      1.95%     93.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64335      2.47%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61267      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35088      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2849      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1735      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2607859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3343     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25939     86.31%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          771      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       846953     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11655      0.87%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321370     23.88%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165833     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1345891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.469810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30053                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5330904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1332330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1375944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1916                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        25904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        290054                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1413615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           45                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166708                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1601                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        13842                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335051                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320225                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             486012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         174684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           165787                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.466027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1332478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1332330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          720971                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1423054                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.465077                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506636                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072173                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1259621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2581955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2122724     82.21%     82.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169606      6.57%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78477      3.04%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77441      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20688      0.80%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89219      3.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6822      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4865      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12113      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2581955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1072173                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1259621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               480035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              315243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           166347                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1119950                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        12133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12113                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3983622                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2853509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 45492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                256894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1259621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1072173                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.671913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.671913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6594110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1551774                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1684793                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221767                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181533                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90004                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84964                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1083                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2128863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1241039                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221767                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       107346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              257585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       124677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          131788                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23279                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2552956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2295371     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11813      0.46%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18627      0.73%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          25081      0.98%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          26573      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          22488      0.88%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11893      0.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          18923      0.74%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         122187      4.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2552956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.433210                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2107800                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       146813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          256964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        36234                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1521018                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2113932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         19925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       113304                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          251230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1519778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2121234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7066015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7066015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1805522                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         315688                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           42257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       143043                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        76308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17057                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1516891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          365                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1430100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2552956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1949202     76.35%     76.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       246981      9.67%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125699      4.92%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95715      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75204      2.95%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29836      1.17%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19023      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9926      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1370      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2552956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     11.86%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          919     36.69%     48.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1289     51.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1203318     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21256      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129475      9.05%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75874      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1430100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.499205                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2505                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001752                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5416087                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703918                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1406576                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1432605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2818                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1576                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         16758                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1517260                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143043                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12826                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             197612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         199689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            75849                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.491759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1406653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1406576                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          808252                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2178288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.490994                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1052728                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1295553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          357                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23501                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2511970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.515752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980622     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       263150     10.48%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99891      3.98%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47226      1.88%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        39429      1.57%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23199      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20687      0.82%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9018      0.36%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28748      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2511970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1052728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1295553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               192164                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              117440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           186800                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1167340                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4000447                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3075501                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 34061                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                311797                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1052728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1295553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1052728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.721266                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.721266                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.367476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.367476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6338134                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1960909                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1409434                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         164319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               971911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            164319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        78554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              199184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       146752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           99581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1774174     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10429      0.53%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16627      0.84%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          25063      1.27%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10513      0.53%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12039      0.61%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13035      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9271      0.47%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         102207      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.057361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.339278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1568777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       168563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          197596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1178107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1572994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         59396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        96010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          194711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1175137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          969                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1608031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5477312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5477312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1316387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         291564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           37696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       119299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        12625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1507712     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189588      9.61%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104461      5.29%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68714      3.48%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62107      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18973      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13909      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4775      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3119      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1098     42.39%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897403     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20016      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107986      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64251      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.380422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4157401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             166343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         145527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            64121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.374810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1069660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1069571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          633347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1607404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.373369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       788864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       962070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        17978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1545932     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185947      9.60%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77162      3.99%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39441      2.04%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29454      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16960      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10407      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8638      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22244      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       788864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       962070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               154249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               93227                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           133587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          869864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        18786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3085845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2381075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 28775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                891290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              962070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.631359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.631359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.275379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.275379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4873691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1461851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1115884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         194390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131570                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127820                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1106977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            194390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       138408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              245942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         56582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        91888                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2435102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2189160     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          38075      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18416      0.76%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          37786      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          35344      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.34%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92180      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2435102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067856                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.386413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2035450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       114966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          245285                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1229618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2038329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         79804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        26990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          242453                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         8381                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1226670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1599831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5545563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5545563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1259341                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         340454                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           18988                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       229560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127525                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2435102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.073858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1941002     79.71%     79.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150855      6.20%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171353      7.04%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96289      3.95%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48394      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12689      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13875      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          334      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2435102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879067     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207434     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127525                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.393585                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4694770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39142                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         70050                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          445                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10573                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204135                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             236876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         169525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.388278                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1096911                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1096481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          665788                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1420152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.382749                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.468815                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868681                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       970517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2395960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038007     85.06%     85.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138470      5.78%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91076      3.80%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27941      1.17%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48667      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8817      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5808      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4921      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32253      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2395960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       868681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       970517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               210532                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              178550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           149720                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          845621                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        32253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3582223                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2476263                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48097                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                429651                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              970517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       868681                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.297819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.297819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.303231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.303231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5180372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1422395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1315327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         246749                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2137897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1352485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            246749                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       114451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              281017                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         68312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       210444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          134488                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2673309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2392292     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          17101      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          21113      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          34416      1.29%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          14165      0.53%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          18792      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          21444      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         143762      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2673309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.472112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2125277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       224496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          279595                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        37227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1652746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2127891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          6702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       211353                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          277116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1641825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2293641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7629741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7629741                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1882435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         411201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       154971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        79217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        18076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524089                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454579                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2673309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2029171     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292651     10.95%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120278      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67652      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90879      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28805      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27923      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14753      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1197      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2673309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10499     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.89%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284663     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20625      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139725      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78889      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524089                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.532014                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13318                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008738                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5736613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817750                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43768                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          5086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13579                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        27716                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             215798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         210759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            78869                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522026                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1481634                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1481618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          887651                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2385409                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.517189                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1094935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349291                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251774                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2629541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.513128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2057612     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290311     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105417      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52213      1.99%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47570      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20175      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20043      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9506      0.36%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26694      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2629541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1094935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1349291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               200093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              122315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           195526                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1214879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26694                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4203912                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3245902                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 34462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                191444                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1094935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1349291                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1094935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.616368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.616368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.382209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.382209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6726007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2072929                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1525868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166130921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208899950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166130921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208899950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166130921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208899950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928105.703911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1029063.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928105.703911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1029063.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928105.703911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1029063.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150411837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191073666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150411837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191073666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150411837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191073666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840289.592179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941249.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840289.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941249.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840289.592179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941249.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.780190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    10.772758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    50.785537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1943.661515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.005260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.024798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.949053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11378775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86651345                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      98030120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11378775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86651345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total       98030120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11378775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86651345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total      98030120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1034434.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833186.009615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852435.826087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1034434.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833186.009615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 852435.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1034434.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 833186.009615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 852435.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10412975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     77518878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87931853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10412975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     77518878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87931853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10412975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     77518878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87931853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 946634.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745373.826923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764624.808696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 946634.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745373.826923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764624.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 946634.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745373.826923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764624.808696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.695155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.219525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.587136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   113.148893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1876.739601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.012005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.055248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.916377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     250714970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      250714970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62548106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    188166864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     250714970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2316596.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 887579.547170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1049016.610879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60177506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169553264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229730770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2228796.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 799779.547170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961216.610879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          155                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.680751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.187727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.680751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.023370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    62.679957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1940.296673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.007336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.030605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.947410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 155                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173323913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      173323913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51044136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122279777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     173323913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1890523.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955310.757812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118218.793548                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      66                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     48672163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111035435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159707598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.310680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.308434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.335938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.335938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1802672.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867464.335938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030371.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170637915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59848942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110788973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170637915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2216627.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839310.401515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073194.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57477343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99196542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156673885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2128790.481481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751488.954545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985370.345912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          160                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.661644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         119214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2205                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        54.065306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.661644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.103658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    63.005598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1939.890743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.030764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.947212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 160                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53712764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117841715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     171554479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53712764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117841715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      171554479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     53712764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117841715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     171554479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.318945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.359551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1989361.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 886027.932331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1072215.493750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1989361.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 886027.932331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1072215.493750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1989361.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 886027.932331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1072215.493750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51342164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106164315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157506479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51342164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106164315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157506479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51342164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    106164315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157506479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.318945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.316667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1901561.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798227.932331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984415.493750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1901561.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798227.932331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984415.493750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1901561.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798227.932331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984415.493750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          545                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2044.047716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          87070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.604786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         135.334063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.873531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   232.491266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1663.348856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.066081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.113521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.812182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 399                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 546                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12556471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486091719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     498648190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47076239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     47076239                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12556471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533167958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      545724429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12556471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    533167958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     545724429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             399                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.586854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.608018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.608018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 965882.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 998134.946612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 997296.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1023396.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1023396.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 965882.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000315.118199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 999495.291209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 965882.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1000315.118199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 999495.291209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     295                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11415071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    443316741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454731812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     43036657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43036657                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11415071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486353398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497768469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11415071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    486353398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    497768469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.580453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 878082.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 910301.316222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 909463.624000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935579.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935579.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 878082.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912482.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911663.862637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 878082.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912482.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911663.862637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          367                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.950033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         113837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        47.137474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.539448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.591290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   188.435530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1831.383765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.092010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.894230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 367                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325368125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     392232548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325368125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      392232548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66864423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    325368125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     392232548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.435867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.434320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.434320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965484.050445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1068753.536785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965484.050445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1068753.536785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2228814.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 965484.050445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1068753.536785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295776920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360007270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295776920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360007270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64230350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    295776920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360007270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.415536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.414005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877676.320475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980946.239782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877676.320475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980946.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2141011.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 877676.320475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 980946.239782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.950080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        47.094332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.523421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.876088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   188.308019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1832.242551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.091947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.894650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     406423699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      406423699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     406423699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005328.735294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1101419.238482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311958055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311958055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311958055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917523.691176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013614.590786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917523.691176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013614.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917523.691176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013614.590786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.949496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        47.094332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.540515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.497976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   188.346702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1831.564303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.091966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.894319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67422779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    328510209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     395932988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67422779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    328510209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      395932988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67422779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    328510209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     395932988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.420074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.420074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247425.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 969056.663717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1072989.127371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247425.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 969056.663717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1072989.127371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247425.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 969056.663717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1072989.127371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64777879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298627585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363405464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64777879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298627585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363405464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64777879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    298627585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363405464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.421642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.420074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.420074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2159262.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 880907.330383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984838.655827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2159262.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 880907.330383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984838.655827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2159262.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 880907.330383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 984838.655827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.714225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          52162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.818023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.239525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   113.635377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1876.596537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.011836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.055486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.916307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   355                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228832380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      228832380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     228832380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.950086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         113824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        47.112583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.536053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.509087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   187.269589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1832.635356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.091440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.894841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   466                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64836978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     398695841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64836978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      398695841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64836978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    333858863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     398695841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161232.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987748.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1083412.611413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161232.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987748.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1083412.611413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2161232.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 987748.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1083412.611413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62202207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304174563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    366376770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62202207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304174563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366376770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62202207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    304174563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366376770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.420922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073406.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899924.742604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995589.048913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073406.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899924.742604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995589.048913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2073406.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 899924.742604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 995589.048913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.670382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.670382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.071369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    62.934333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1939.994298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.030730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.947263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49630391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123730464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173360855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49630391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123730464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      173360855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49630391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    123730464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     173360855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838162.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       937352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1090319.842767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838162.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       937352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1090319.842767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1838162.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       937352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1090319.842767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47259791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112140438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159400229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47259791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112140438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159400229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     47259791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    112140438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159400229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750362.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849548.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1002517.163522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750362.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849548.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1002517.163522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1750362.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 849548.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1002517.163522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          552                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2044.229149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          87068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.513472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.045401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.895258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   239.390399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1658.898091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.116890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.810009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 551                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    499841537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     509153195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      551776758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     551776758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1011824.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004246.932939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    456457880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464627793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924003.805668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916425.627219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.005576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.119782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920480.005576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913590.119782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.697824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.222608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.629980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   113.388723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1876.456514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.012026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.055366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.916239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61998796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189582408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251581204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61998796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189582408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      251581204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61998796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    189582408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     251581204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2296251.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894256.641509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1052641.020921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2296251.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894256.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1052641.020921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2296251.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 894256.641509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1052641.020921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59626789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170963768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230590557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59626789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170963768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230590557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59626789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    170963768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230590557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2208399.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806432.867925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964814.046025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2208399.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806432.867925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964814.046025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2208399.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 806432.867925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 964814.046025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.770741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    50.829601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1943.621487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.024819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.949034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83533231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95057696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83533231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total       95057696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11524465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     83533231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total      95057696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803204.144231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826588.660870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803204.144231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826588.660870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1047678.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803204.144231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826588.660870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74401320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84959985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74401320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84959985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10558665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     74401320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84959985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959878.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715397.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738782.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959878.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715397.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738782.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 959878.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 715397.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738782.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764182633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764182633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393098.062243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393098.062243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395957.100548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395957.100548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395957.100548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395957.100548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193547288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193547288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193739588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193739588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193739588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193739588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337190.397213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337190.397213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335770.516464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335770.516464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335770.516464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335770.516464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              465.771950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753010404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1615902.154506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    10.771950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.017263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       134152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       134152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         134152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       134152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        134152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15261150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15261150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15261150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15261150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15261150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       134168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       134168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       134168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       134168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       134168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953821.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953821.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953821.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953821.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 953821.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953821.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11470075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11470075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11470075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11470075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     11470075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11470075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1042734.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042734.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1042734.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042734.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1042734.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042734.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              109344424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             168222.190769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   133.635451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   122.364549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.522013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.477987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       104923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        77239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       182162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         182162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       182162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        182162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    253613688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    253613688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    253613688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253613688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    253613688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253613688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       105939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       183178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       183178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 249619.771654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 249619.771654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 249619.771654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 249619.771654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 249619.771654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 249619.771654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106403424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106403424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106403424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106403424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    106403424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106403424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 270059.451777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270059.451777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 270059.451777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270059.451777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 270059.451777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 270059.451777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.585662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              646509500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1166984.657040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    25.469971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.115691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.040817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84804272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84804272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2355674.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62839093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62839093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244253.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151269575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             183135.078692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   152.092786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   103.907214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.594112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.405888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       187998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         219809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        219809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    979917901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979917901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       941733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    980859634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    980859634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    980859634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    980859634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       189985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 493164.519879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493164.519879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85612.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85612.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490920.737738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213283210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213283210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213475510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213475510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    213475510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213475510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 376160.864198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376160.864198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374518.438596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.127806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              749565504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1490189.868787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.127806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.024243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         131561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        131561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56231273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       131597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       131597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561979.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       255554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51366003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834500.107143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  415                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113243456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168768.190760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   141.571502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   114.428498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.553014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.446986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         163576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        163576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1326                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    479020734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479020734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1340008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480360742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    480360742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    480360742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    480360742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 365664.682443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 365664.682443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83750.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 362263.003017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          911                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141837914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141837914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142040018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142040018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    142040018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142040018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344266.781553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344266.781553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342265.103614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87738644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1827888.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60137527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2147768.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.974018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.025982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449913078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    451076172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339557.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336875.408514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130414239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130606539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313495.766827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311710.116945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              490.214482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              749566037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1490190.928429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.214482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.024382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       132094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        132094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       132094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         132094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       132094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        132094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59028840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59028840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59028840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59028840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     59028840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59028840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       132135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       132135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       132135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       132135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       132135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       132135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439727.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1439727.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439727.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1439727.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1439727.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1439727.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271557                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       271557                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54006012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54006012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54006012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54006012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54006012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54006012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1928786.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928786.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1928786.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928786.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1928786.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928786.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              113244112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             167520.875740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   141.819356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   114.180644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.553982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.446018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        89666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        74562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       164228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         164228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       164228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        164228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    451053497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    451053497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1265952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452319449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    452319449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    452319449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    452319449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        74578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74578                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       165567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       165567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340932.348450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340932.348450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        79122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337803.920090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337803.920090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337803.920090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337803.920090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          919                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137441661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137441661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137633961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137633961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    137633961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137633961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 329596.309353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329596.309353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 327699.907143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327699.907143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 327699.907143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327699.907143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              502.542792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753291616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1497597.646123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.542792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          99772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         99772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13759392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13759392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13759392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13759392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13759392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13759392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        99787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        99787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917292.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 917292.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 917292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 917292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 917292.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12664781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12664781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12664781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12664781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     12664781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12664781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 974213.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 974213.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 974213.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 974213.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 974213.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 974213.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  885                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125502269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             109993.224365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.612064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    72.387936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.717235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.282765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60653                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         135978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        135978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1241090125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1241090125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    375752169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    375752169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1616842294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1616842294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1616842294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1616842294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 606297.081094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 606297.081094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 988821.497368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988821.497368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666189.655542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 666189.655542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 666189.655542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 666189.655542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    513718075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513718075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47458039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47458039                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561176114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561176114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    561176114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561176114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 612298.063170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 612298.063170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1031696.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031696.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634097.303955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634097.303955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 634097.303955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 634097.303955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              565.976320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              768702527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1339203.008711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.206146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.770174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.038792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94405738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1966786.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1229381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 614690.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67182633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2167181.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              289289527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             270364.043925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   110.589779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   145.410221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.431991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.568009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        304997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       166215                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         471212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        471212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1435891974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1435891974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       768488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436660462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1436660462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1436660462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1436660462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       307977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       166225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       474202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       474202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 481842.944295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481842.944295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76848.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480488.448829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480488.448829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 480488.448829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480488.448829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360558573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360558573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360750873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360750873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    360750873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360750873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444585.170160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444585.170160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443182.890663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443182.890663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 443182.890663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443182.890663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              565.267637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768701110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1341537.713787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.484564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.783073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.037636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1225810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       612905                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289284770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             271884.182331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.371359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.628641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.431138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.568862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1494427183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494427183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498329129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1498329129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498329129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1498329129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 509348.051466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 509348.051466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508080.409969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508080.409969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508080.409969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508080.409969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376379367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376379367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 467552.008696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467552.008696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466054.043317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466054.043317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466054.043317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466054.043317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              565.888956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              768701948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs                  1339202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.106873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.782084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.038633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         118616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       118616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        118616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92976099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92976099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92976099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92976099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     92976099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92976099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       118662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       118662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       118662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021219.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2021219.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021219.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2021219.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021219.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2021219.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1220276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       610138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67749463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67749463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67749463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67749463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67749463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67749463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185466.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185466.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185466.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185466.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2185466.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2185466.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              289285768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             272140.891816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   110.500310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   145.499690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.431642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.568358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       302502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       164951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       467453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         467453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       467453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        467453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1435138438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1435138438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       767024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       767024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1435905462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1435905462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1435905462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1435905462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       305458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       164961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       470419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       470419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 485500.148173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485500.148173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76702.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76702.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 484121.868510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484121.868510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 484121.868510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484121.868510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2158                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363096578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363096578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363288878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363288878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    363288878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363288878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 451051.649689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451051.649689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449614.948020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449614.948020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 449614.948020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449614.948020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.238814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              646510329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1166986.153430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.123385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.115430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151271434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             184252.660171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   151.544448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   104.455552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.591970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.408030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       189853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         221668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        221668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    927497853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    927497853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       936491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       936491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    928434344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    928434344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    928434344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    928434344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       191859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 462361.840977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462361.840977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85135.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85135.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205533544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205533544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205725844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205725844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205725844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205725844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 365718.049822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 365718.049822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              565.899032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              768701551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1339201.308362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.118980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.780051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.038652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         118219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        118219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90002611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90002611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90002611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90002611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     90002611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90002611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       118266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       118266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1914949.170213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914949.170213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1914949.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914949.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1914949.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914949.170213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1205237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 602618.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65164598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65164598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65164598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65164598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65164598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65164598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102083.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102083.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102083.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102083.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2102083.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102083.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              289285077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             273168.155807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   110.371558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   145.628442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.431139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.568861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         466762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        466762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1460855171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1460855171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       765468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461620639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1461620639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1461620639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1461620639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 504787.550449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 504787.550449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76546.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503312.892218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 503312.892218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 503312.892218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 503312.892218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368174483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368174483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368366783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368366783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    368366783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368366783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 460218.103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 460218.103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458738.210461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458738.210461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458738.210461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458738.210461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              490.179280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              749565692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1490190.242545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.179280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.024326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       131749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       131749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         131749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       131749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        131749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55445565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55445565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55445565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55445565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55445565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55445565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       131787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       131787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       131787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       131787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       131787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459093.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1459093.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459093.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1459093.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1459093.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1459093.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       270692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49923248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49923248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49923248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49923248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     49923248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49923248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1782973.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782973.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1782973.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782973.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1782973.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782973.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113243699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  674                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             168017.357567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   141.827137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   114.172863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.554012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.445988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        89457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        74361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         163818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        163818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1321                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464122180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464122180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1266784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    465388964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    465388964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    465388964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    465388964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        90778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        74377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       165155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       165155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 351341.544285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351341.544285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        79174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 348084.490651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 348084.490651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 348084.490651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 348084.490651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          918                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143053657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143053657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143245957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143245957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    143245957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143245957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 343878.983173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343878.983173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341875.792363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341875.792363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341875.792363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341875.792363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.550659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753291411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497597.238569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.550659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125501691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             109512.819372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.068273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.931727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.722923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.277077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.629038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              646509370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1166984.422383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    25.514007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.115031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.040888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85597358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85597358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85597358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85597358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     85597358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85597358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2377704.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2377704.388889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2377704.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2377704.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2377704.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2377704.388889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62291658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62291658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62291658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62291658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62291658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62291658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2224702.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2224702.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2224702.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2224702.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2224702.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2224702.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151269285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             183134.727603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   152.468098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   103.531902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.595579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.404421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       187708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         219519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        219519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    973893330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    973893330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941447                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974834777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    974834777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    974834777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    974834777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       189696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       221518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 489885.980885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489885.980885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85586.090909                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487661.219110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487661.219110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 487661.219110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487661.219110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214710659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214710659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214902959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214902959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    214902959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214902959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 378678.410935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378678.410935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 377022.735088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 377022.735088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 377022.735088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 377022.735088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              465.769932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753010726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1615902.845494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    10.769932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.017260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         134474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        134474                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     12815435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12815435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       134488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       134488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915388.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11615965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11615965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1055996.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              109344833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             167964.413210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   133.561240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   122.438760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.521724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.478276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       105168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        77403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       182571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         182571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       182571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        182571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244140493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244140493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244140493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244140493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    244140493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244140493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       106188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77403                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       183591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       183591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239353.424510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239353.424510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239353.424510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239353.424510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239353.424510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239353.424510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103347966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103347966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103347966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103347966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    103347966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103347966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261640.420253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261640.420253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261640.420253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261640.420253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 261640.420253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261640.420253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
