
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.009434                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9433964889                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               522043167777                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   507531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 241319                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 39093.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15560577036                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   19841092341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       418944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       131840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       243584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       419968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       419712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       228480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       139648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       337792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       342144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       247168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       246144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       172160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       420608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       171136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       169344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4346112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1101952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1101952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1923                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8609                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       474880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     44408052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13975036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       420608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25819897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     44516596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       461312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     44489460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       447744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24218873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       488448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14802684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       488448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     35805942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       488448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36267254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     26199801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26091257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       529152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     18248955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       447744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     44584436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       529152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18140411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       542720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17570555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       515584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17950459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               460687744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       474880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       488448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       420608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       474880                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       461312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       447744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       488448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       488448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       488448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       393472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       407040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       529152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       447744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       529152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       542720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       515584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7598078                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116806880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116806880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116806880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       474880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     44408052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       488448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13975036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       420608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25819897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       474880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     44516596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       461312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     44489460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       447744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24218873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       488448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14802684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       488448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     35805942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       488448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36267254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       393472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     26199801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       407040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26091257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       529152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     18248955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       447744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     44584436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       529152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18140411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       542720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17570555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       515584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17950459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              577494623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        1759128                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       653480                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         626918                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96811                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18637029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11063156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           1759128                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       723729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2186429                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        297006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       443281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1071920                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     21466903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       19280474     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          77626      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         159670      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          66298      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         363152      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         322953      1.50%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          62804      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         131663      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1002263      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     21466903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077757                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.489013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       18528534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       553198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2178092                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         7144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       199929                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       154564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     12971460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       199929                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       18548676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        394280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        97628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2166558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        59826                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     12963399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        21857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     15228484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     61051124                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     61051124                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     13472728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1755739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1548                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          152513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      1544561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        74914                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         12936902                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1553                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12429648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014677                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2438023                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21466903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17051051     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322675      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085362      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       467940      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594881      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575151      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       328069      1.53%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25456      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16318      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21466903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31582     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244771     86.33%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7182      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802041     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108385      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977819     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540659     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12429648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.549415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283535                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46616539                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13953471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12321177                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12713183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1105                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       199929                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        361359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12938465                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54119                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56561                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       110680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12341117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967500                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            4507983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1616506                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          1540483                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.545502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12321626                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12321177                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         6655085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        13118899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.544620                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.507290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11751448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1188132                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        96354                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21266974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17005514     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555729      7.32%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729883      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720495      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195687      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838003      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62943      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45713      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113007      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21266974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11751448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              4468660                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2934344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1551994                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        10449670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       113801                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       113007                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           34093521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          26079132                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                410397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1156515                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11751448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.262342                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.262342                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.442020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.442020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       61001403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      14315182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      15438074                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2049468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1706681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       188299                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746395                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         220481                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17821973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11246528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2049468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       966876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2342374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        526025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       599508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1108766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21099862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18757488     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         143074      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         180013      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287834      1.36%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         121142      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         154474      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         181334      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          83417      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1191086      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21099862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.497119                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17716469                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       715399                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2331047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       335724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       311450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13747209                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1630                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       335724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17734932                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         58587                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       606036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2313734                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        50842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13661862                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         7501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        35210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19078174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     63532671                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     63532671                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15918862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3159303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1713                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          178477                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1281635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       667992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7630                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       151717                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13336097                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3305                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12780122                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1647093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3373193                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21099862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15687001     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467668     11.70%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1008146      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       566530      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766945      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       237005      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       232284      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124201      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10082      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21099862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88846     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12074     10.75%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11438     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10765839     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174394      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1579      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1172653      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665657      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12780122                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.564907                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            112358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46786385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14986573                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12443601                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12892480                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246945                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10367                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       335724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         44723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13339408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1281635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       667992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4956                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111056                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106254                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       217310                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12555524                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1152663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       224598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1818195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1773871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           665532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.554979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12443707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12443601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7455273                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20041289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550032                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371996                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9261533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11412369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1927065                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3187                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       189683                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20764138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15932591     76.73%     76.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2448873     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889777      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442920      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404292      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       170090      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168610      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79976      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227009      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20764138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9261533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11412369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1692311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1034686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1654022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10275041                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       235691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       227009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33876498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27014611                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                272875                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1523556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9261533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11412369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9261533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.442729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.442729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.409378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.409378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       56494606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17388204                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12711066                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3184                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1705557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1531088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       136106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1154546                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97071                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18165275                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              9704310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1705557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1234040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2165477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        451894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       270157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1099168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     20915970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       18750493     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         339098      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         161012      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         334578      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          98782      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         311036      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          46314      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          73908      0.35%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         800749      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     20915970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075389                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.428950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17890572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       549184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2161090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1785                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       313335                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       153537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1726                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     10796853                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4234                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       313335                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17921279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        352529                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       105377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2133614                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        89832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     10779539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        75072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     14064831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     48758862                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     48758862                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     11348725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2716106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          707                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          182438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000757                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       301141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        68433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         10723352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10023663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1979725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4062540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20915970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16510852     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368127      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1502444      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       864477      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431672      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107779      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       125177      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2964      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2478      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20915970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16057     56.78%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6801     24.05%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5419     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7825294     78.07%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74857      0.75%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          680      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824538     18.20%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298294      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10023663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.443066                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40998034                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12704495                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9767816                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10051940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7559                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413625                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7982                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       313335                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        225949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10724750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000757                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       301141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          705                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          246                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52362                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       143861                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9900901                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1800034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122762                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2098299                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1510076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           298265                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.437639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              9770221                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             9767816                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         5923222                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        12670263                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.431757                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.467490                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7798153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      8730561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1994679                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       135086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20602635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17377868     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1249462      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819959      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254916      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       433939      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80905      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51180      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46176      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288230      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20602635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      7798153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      8730561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1880291                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1587132                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1344331                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         7614488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       104372                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       288230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           31039619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          21764074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                408940                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1707448                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           7798153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             8730561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      7798153                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.901125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.901125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.344694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.344694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       46106504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      12674752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      11553980                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1759306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587062                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94215                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       682561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627531                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96964                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4210                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18644329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11065015                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1759306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       724495                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2187732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        296156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       443581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1072132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94562                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     21475246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       19287514     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          78093      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         160538      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          66675      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         362508      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         323327      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62581      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         131111      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1002899      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     21475246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.489096                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18536068                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       553220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2179409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         7175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       199368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       154635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12974083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       199368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18555925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        395230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        97360                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2168275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        59082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12966205                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        24952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        21575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          370                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15232198                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     61065815                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     61065815                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13480924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1751253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          149781                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055569                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1544949                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12938883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1517                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12432745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1015058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2432623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21475246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17056690     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1324102      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086188      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468647      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       594977      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575489      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327296      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25659      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16198      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21475246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31479     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244698     86.36%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7157      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7803656     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108569      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2978629     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1541147     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12432745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283334                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46630787                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13955800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12324515                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12716079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22228                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10208                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       199368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        362447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16547                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12940414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055569                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544949                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          769                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54232                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56193                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       110425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12344376                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2968320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4509323                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1617271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1541003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12324981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12324515                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6657239                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13122092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.544768                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507331                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10005099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11757608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        96060                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21275878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17011965     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556480      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730612      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       720784      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       196080      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838331      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62829      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45773      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113024      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21275878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10005099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11757608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4469836                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2935100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1552892                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10455188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       113024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           34104364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          26082492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                410367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1148172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10005099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11757608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10005099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.261189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.261189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.442245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.442245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       61017844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14317687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15441264                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1759159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1586710                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94175                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627681                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4206                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18640903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11061575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1759159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       724856                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2187132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        295478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       444141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1071919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94453                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     21471138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       19284006     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          77681      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         160468      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          66672      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         362782      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         323371      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          62836      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         131205      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1002117      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     21471138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077758                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488944                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18532693                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       553764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2178798                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7156                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       198721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       154780                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          241                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12970522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1491                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       198721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18552688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        395855                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        97024                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2167441                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        59403                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12962676                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        24926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        21757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          436                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15226114                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     61049270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     61049270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13481545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1744563                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1551                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          807                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          151323                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3056314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1545326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13899                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        75246                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12936115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12432565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1009573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2421044                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           57                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21471138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17052727     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1323683      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1086690      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468451      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595285      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575085      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327255      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25642      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16320      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21471138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31308     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244797     86.40%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7210      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7802699     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108550      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2979241     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1541331     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12432565                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.549544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283315                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022788                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46626464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13947594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12324305                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12715880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10454                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       198721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        362655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12937683                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3056314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1545326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11137                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54106                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56110                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       110216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12344542                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2969048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        88023                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4510164                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1617412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1541116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.545653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12324771                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12324305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6656849                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13119458                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.544759                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10005685                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11758272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1180605                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1499                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        96020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21272417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552747                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17008305     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1556657      7.32%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730376      3.43%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721145      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195869      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838231      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        63028      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45819      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112987      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21272417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10005685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11758272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4470229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             2935362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1552974                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10455770                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       113918                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       112987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           34098281                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26076523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                410317                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1152280                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10005685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11758272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10005685                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.261056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.261056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       61019385                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14317740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15438283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1498                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1835770                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1505144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       182701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       775528                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         717422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17581843                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10441099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1835770                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       905453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2297787                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        517243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       583686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1084896                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       181301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     20794923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       18497136     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         248779      1.20%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         288154      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         157964      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         183818      0.88%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         100519      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          68158      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         177064      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1073331      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     20794923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461517                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       17439018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       729520                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2279626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        17048                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       329708                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       297873                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1899                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12748129                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         9975                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       329708                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       17465902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        213020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       441096                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2270764                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        74430                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12739510                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        18414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        35436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17703108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     59324582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     59324582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15108276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2594832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1901                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          202518                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1220320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       662946                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       146227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12719213                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12019176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1595644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3687296                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20794923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15729647     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2037176      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1095776      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       757930      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       661545      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338856      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        81475      0.39%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52796      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        39722      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20794923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2923     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11584     44.17%     55.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11720     44.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10059751     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       187860      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1470      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1112364      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       657731      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12019176                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44875904                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14318371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11817618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12045403                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           71                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          735                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       329708                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        171041                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11871                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12722614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1220320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       662946                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8426                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       102450                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       208270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11840204                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044552                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178972                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1702060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1656074                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           657508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523361                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11817852                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11817618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7025311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18405401                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8872866                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     10885101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1837604                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       183650                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20465215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16018811     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2061778     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       864842      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       517998      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359659      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232251      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121058      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        97138      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       191680      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20465215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8872866                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     10885101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1649005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1001184                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1557721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         9813324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       221360                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       191680                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           32996175                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25775136                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                271517                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1828495                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8872866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            10885101                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8872866                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.549731                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.549731                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392198                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392198                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       53413163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16402309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      11895978                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         2962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2048996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1705872                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       778154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         746783                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         219828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17811547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11239599                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2048996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       966611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2341211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        525027                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       609244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1107887                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       179642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21097365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       18756154     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         143016      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         179218      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         287944      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         121277      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         155534      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         181550      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          83479      0.40%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1189193      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21097365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090570                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496813                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       17706192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       724910                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2329986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1187                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       335082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       311796                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13738922                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       335082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       17724704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         58126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       616144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2312634                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        50668                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13653764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         7360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        35141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19065355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63484949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63484949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15912269                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3153085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3302                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          179291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1280537                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       668107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       152425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13327271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12772183                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13529                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1641870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3361929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21097365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15686432     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2467272     11.69%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1009177      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       565288      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766051      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       236912      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       231609      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       124717      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9907      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21097365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         88076     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12156     10.89%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11418     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10759398     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       174353      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1578      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1171096      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665758      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12772183                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.564556                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            111650                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46766910                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14972542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12437137                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12883833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10753                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       335082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         44276                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         5659                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13330590                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1280537                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       668107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1724                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4937                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       106234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       216618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12548473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223710                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1817097                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1773949                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           665652                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.554667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12437228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12437137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7450142                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20017795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.549746                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9257683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11407680                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1922950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       189323                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20762283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15932190     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2448291     11.79%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       889524      4.28%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       442702      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404562      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169757      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168555      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        79744      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226958      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20762283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9257683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11407680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1691618                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1034266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1653359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10270801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       235595                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       226958                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33865890                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26996357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                272412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1526053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9257683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11407680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9257683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.443745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.443745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56457826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17377523                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12703699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               22623411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1837582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1502819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       180988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       756317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         722292                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188417                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17814988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10428196                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1837582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       910709                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2184184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        526811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       310362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1097118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     20651399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       18467215     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         118483      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         186332      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         297290      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         123488      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         137513      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         146559      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          95995      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1078524      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     20651399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17651665                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       475359                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2177084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         5693                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       341595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       301088                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     12733377                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       341595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17679470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        151907                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       244213                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2155549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        78662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     12724666                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        30002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4193                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17662553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     59192601                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     59192601                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15045142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2617411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1791                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          237419                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1214372                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       651782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       148164                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         12704557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12011505                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15346                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1632607                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3655438                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          319                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20651399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15590865     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2028751      9.82%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1109704      5.37%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758270      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709335      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203903      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       159507      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53873      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37191      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20651399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2896     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8928     39.20%     51.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10952     48.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10061847     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       190069      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1454      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1110496      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       647639      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12011505                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530933                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001896                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44712531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14340571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11815145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12034281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35990                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          773                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       341595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        104101                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12707834                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1214372                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       651782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1788                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7690                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       208762                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11838627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1044335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       172878                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1691657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1665105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           647322                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523291                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             11815355                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            11815145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6909343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18054201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382700                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8838165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     10833399                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1874478                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2934                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       184563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20309804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15910492     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2131256     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       830182      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445667      2.19%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334194      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186963      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116041      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103131      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251878      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20309804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8838165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     10833399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1624572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              993218                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1464                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1555050                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         9761753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       220088                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       251878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           32765738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          25757380                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                289401                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1972012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8838165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            10833399                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8838165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.559741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.559741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390665                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390665                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       53382868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16378174                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      11874325                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         2930                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1835400                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1501487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       181363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       752263                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         720775                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         188001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17806611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10417007                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1835400                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       908776                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2181455                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        528722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       314317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1096863                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       182649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20645811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616660                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18464356     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         118340      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         185638      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         297595      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         122629      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         136519      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         146680      0.71%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          96588      0.47%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1077466      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20645811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17642728                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       479794                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2174472                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5657                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       343157                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       300363                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12721314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1614                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       343157                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17670835                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        150846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       248601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2152649                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        79720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12713177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21505                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        30549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4037                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17645747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     59139456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     59139456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     15023074                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2622671                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1717                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          239692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1213608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       650534                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19178                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       147718                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12693516                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3180                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11998302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15237                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1638159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3664749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          251                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20645811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15591510     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2026534      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1107768      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756648      3.66%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       709257      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       203222      0.98%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160023      0.78%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        53780      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        37069      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20645811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2863     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9050     39.64%     52.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10915     47.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10052357     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       189563      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1452      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1108475      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       646455      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11998302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530349                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001903                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44680480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14335004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11801250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     12021130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35718                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       221909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          776                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       343157                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        103416                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12696718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1213608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       650534                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104903                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       209081                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11824385                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1042334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       173917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1688455                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1662282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           646121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522661                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11801463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11801250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6900637                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        18042028                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8825084                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10817348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1879399                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       184915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20302654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15910269     78.37%     78.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2127861     10.48%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       829394      4.09%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       444180      2.19%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       334019      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186089      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       116179      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102740      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       251923      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20302654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8825084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10817348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1622091                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              991699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1462                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1552740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9747264                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       219750                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       251923                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32747413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25736679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                289579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1977607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8825084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10817348                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8825084                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.563536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.563536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390086                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390086                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       53318897                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      16359348                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11860631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2924                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1705964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1531030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       135988                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1154370                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1136539                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97121                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18157317                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              9706938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1705964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1233660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2164575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        452111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       274917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1098684                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     20912202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.517338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.753858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       18747627     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         338481      1.62%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         160837      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         333920      1.60%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          98395      0.47%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         311022      1.49%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          46300      0.22%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          74684      0.36%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         800936      3.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     20912202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429066                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       17877244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       559315                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2160190                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       313667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       153937                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1726                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     10799030                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4223                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       313667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       17908480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        355808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       110910                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2132407                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        90926                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     10781610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        76365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     14067661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     48764724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     48764724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     11346945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2720707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          704                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          184775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       301233                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        68369                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         10725142                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10024370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1982908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4068093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20912202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16507275     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1368428      6.54%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500713      7.18%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       865361      4.14%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       432007      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108042      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124931      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2951      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2494      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20912202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         16050     56.68%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6844     24.17%     80.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5425     19.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7825429     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74910      0.75%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          680      0.01%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824954     18.21%     97.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       298397      2.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10024370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.443097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002825                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40995733                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12709472                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9768465                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10052689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7673                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8162                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       313667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        225872                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10726536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       301233                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          702                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       143853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9901870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1800406                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       122500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2098777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1510288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           298371                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.437682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              9770961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             9768465                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         5923310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        12668975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.431786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7797089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      8729243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1997768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       134968                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20598535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17374310     84.35%     84.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248599      6.06%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       820320      3.98%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254738      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434401      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80647      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51543      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46123      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287854      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20598535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      7797089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      8729243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1880072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1587002                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1344134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         7613311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       104347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       287854                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           31037666                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          21767951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                408682                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1711216                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           7797089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             8729243                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      7797089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.901521                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.901521                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.344647                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.344647                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       46109477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      12675618                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      11556804                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               22623298                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1703916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1529356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       136227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1163475                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1137338                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          97416                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18159320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              9693045                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1703916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1234754                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2162760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        451352                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       273907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1098765                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       133325                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     20910383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.516705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.752503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       18747623     89.66%     89.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         338508      1.62%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         160269      0.77%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         333999      1.60%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          98528      0.47%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         311779      1.49%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          46328      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          74301      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         799048      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     20910383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075317                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.428454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       17878633                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       558996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2158318                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       312673                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       153529                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1724                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     10784544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4214                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       312673                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       17909929                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        354275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       112042                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2130421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        91039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     10766594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        76429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     14045711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     48697666                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     48697666                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     11339225                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2706346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          184422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2000020                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       300415                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2714                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        67462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         10710748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10013764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6393                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1974005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4052900                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20910383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16507824     78.95%     78.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1369078      6.55%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1500214      7.17%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       863784      4.13%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       431940      2.07%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       107849      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       124366      0.59%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2919      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2409      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20910383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         15956     56.63%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         6804     24.15%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5416     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7816425     78.06%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        74841      0.75%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          679      0.01%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1824390     18.22%     97.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       297429      2.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10013764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.442631                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002814                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     40972480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     12686175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9757774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10041940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       312673                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        224382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     10712146                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2000020                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       300415                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        91946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51827                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       143773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      9890749                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1798891                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       123015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2096293                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1508666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           297402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.437193                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              9760327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             9757774                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         5917568                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        12655026                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.431315                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.467606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      7792641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      8723690                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1988833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1371                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       135211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20597710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.296251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17375420     84.36%     84.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1248044      6.06%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       819797      3.98%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       254524      1.24%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434060      2.11%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        80602      0.39%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        51343      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        46188      0.22%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287732      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20597710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      7792641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      8723690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1879236                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1586488                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1343311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         7608313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       104224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       287732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           31022475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          21738088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                408789                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1712915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           7792641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             8723690                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      7792641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.903162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.903162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.344452                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.344452                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       46059255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      12661695                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      11540981                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1864023                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184697                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8384                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17944754                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10425477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1864023                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       923223                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2174233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        506782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       421771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1100260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     20860471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       18686238     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         100896      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         159883      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         216659      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         224707      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         189208      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         106310      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         159123      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1017447      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     20860471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       17762181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       606159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2170062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       319487                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       306298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12794865                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       319487                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       17810917                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        128159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       366364                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2124572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       110969                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12790147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        14975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        48423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17842054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     59499220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     59499220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15412315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2429739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3152                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1633                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          333400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1199595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       647128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7511                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       296330                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12774597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12109770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1777                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1453024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3493412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20860471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15628167     74.92%     74.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2238475     10.73%     85.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1106257      5.30%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       764077      3.66%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       612476      2.94%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255659      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160263      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84003      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11094      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20860471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2533     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7837     38.44%     50.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10020     49.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10186286     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       180853      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1515      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1096337      9.05%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       644779      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12109770                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.535276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20390                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45102178                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14230847                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11925840                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12130160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24277                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       198390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       319487                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        102958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11373                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12777782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1199595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1637                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       211336                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11940934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1031214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1675943                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1695211                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           644729                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.527813                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11925959                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11925840                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6846341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18461346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527146                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370847                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8984383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11055027                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1722769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3054                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       186797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20540984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15913814     77.47%     77.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2338425     11.38%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       840863      4.09%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403437      1.96%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396888      1.93%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197612      0.96%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       135910      0.66%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78787      0.38%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       235248      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20540984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8984383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11055027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1638116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1001205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1594156                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         9960406                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       227621                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       235248                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           33083467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25875095                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                274527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1762947                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8984383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11055027                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8984383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.518083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.518083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.397128                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.397128                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       53735802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16612497                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      11854988                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3050                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1759841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1587598                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       657085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         627845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18638422                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11065664                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1759841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       724731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2187763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        296256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       443658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1071686                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     21469630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       19281867     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          77678      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         160521      0.75%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          66625      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         363204      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         323120      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          62593      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         131424      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1002598      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     21469630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.489124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18529903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       553617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2179406                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       199549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       154615                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     12974693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1465                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       199549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18549818                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        395541                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        96947                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2168104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        59665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     12966801                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        25004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        21628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          767                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15232620                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     61068005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     61068005                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     13480097                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1752522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          150843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3055568                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1544633                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        75108                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         12940152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12431900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6743                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1015826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2439645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21469630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17052786     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1322364      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085912      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       468961      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       595067      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       575018      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       327485      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25735      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16302      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21469630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31461     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       244767     86.37%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7163      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7803818     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108514      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          744      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2977917     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1540907     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12431900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.549515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283391                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46623562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13957842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12324296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12715291                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22377                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       120723                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          350                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1103                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       199549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        363008                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        16591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12941677                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3055568                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1544633                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          350                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56044                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       110216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12343977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2967913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4508665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1617262                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1540752                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.545628                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12324779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12324296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6657155                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13124765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.544758                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004372                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11756803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1186180                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        95970                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21270081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17007044     79.96%     79.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1555485      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       730490      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       721252      3.39%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       195677      0.92%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       838480      3.94%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62947      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45856      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       112850      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21270081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10004372                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11756803                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4469460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             2934845                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               748                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1552773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10454497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       113916                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       112850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           34100188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          26085548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                410278                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1153788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10004372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11756803                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10004372                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.261353                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.261353                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.442213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.442213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       61016071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      14318575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      15441466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1496                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1864252                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1525616                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184332                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732323                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191738                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17950250                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10425825                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1864252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       924061                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2174879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        504274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       423048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1100176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20865744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18690865     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         100481      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         160504      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         217859      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         224321      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         189711      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         105853      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         158909      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1017241      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20865744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082404                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460842                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17768088                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       607001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2170763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       317341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       306461                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          228                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12794674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       317341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17816641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        127699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       367900                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2125430                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       110730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12789923                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        15014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        48331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17846113                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     59496628                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     59496628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15432369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2413739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3119                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          332638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1198907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       647430                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7607                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       213672                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12774029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12117390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1437521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3453950                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           71                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20865744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15693054     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2162788     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084459      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789196      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624593      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256080      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160688      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83892      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10994      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20865744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2539     12.42%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7851     38.39%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10058     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10192022     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181026      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1517      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1097522      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645303      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12117390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.535613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20448                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001687                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45122777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14214739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11933771                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12137838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       196409                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       317341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        102335                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11331                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12777183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1198907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647430                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1602                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       210837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11948816                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168574                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1677562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1697090                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           645250                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11933884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11933771                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6851630                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18467513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527496                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371010                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8996048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11069358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1707831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3058                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       186438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20548403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538697                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379902                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15968392     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2289965     11.14%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846842      4.12%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       403735      1.96%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364809      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196617      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157084      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        77993      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242966      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20548403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8996048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11069358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1640224                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1002495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1596221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9973316                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       227913                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       242966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           33082561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25871739                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                274207                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1757674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8996048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11069358                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8996048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.514817                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.514817                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.397643                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.397643                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       53771378                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16625432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11856695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3054                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               22623410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1866247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1527331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       183963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         731869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         191984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8328                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17957657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10435019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1866247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       923853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2176416                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        503393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       422707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           18                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1100250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     20873851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       18697435     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         100593      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         160944      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         217175      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         224458      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         190479      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         105882      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         158045      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1018840      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     20873851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461249                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       17774625                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       607549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2172342                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2507                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       316825                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       306661                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12804947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       316825                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       17823567                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        126814                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       368707                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2126595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       111340                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12799960                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        14984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        48618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17859384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     59542805                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     59542805                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15449952                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2409432                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1638                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          334703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1199533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       648034                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       214402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12784668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12129421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1435215                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3443191                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20873851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15696978     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164205     10.37%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1084608      5.20%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       789861      3.78%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       626311      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       256210      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160563      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84175      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10940      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20873851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2557     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7792     38.18%     50.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10059     49.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10203055     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181079      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1519      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098009      9.05%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645759      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12129421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45154911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14223113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11946204                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12149829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       195895                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       316825                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        101476                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11346                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12787862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1199533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       648034                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1641                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9624                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       105966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       210515                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11961261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1033479                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1679185                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1698810                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           645706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528712                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11946321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11946204                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6859488                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        18489208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9006324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11081992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1705882                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3063                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       186074                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20557026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15972026     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2292167     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847510      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404818      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       365124      1.78%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196926      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157130      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78155      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243170      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20557026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9006324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11081992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1642106                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1003638                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1528                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1598035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         9984714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       228177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       243170                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33101665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25892589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                274265                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1749559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9006324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11081992                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9006324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.511947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.511947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398098                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398098                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       53829441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16642278                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      11867255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               22623418                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1865734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1526907                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       184172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       767658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         732913                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8369                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17951027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10433106                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1865734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       924914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2177222                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        504743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       422133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1100310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     20868581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       18691359     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         101479      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         161363      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         217694      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         224620      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         189546      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         105607      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         158224      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1018689      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     20868581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082469                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461164                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       17768350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       606584                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2173166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2508                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       317970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       306690                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12802582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       317970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       17817435                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        128693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       366535                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2127284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       110661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12797656                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        14978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        48281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     17856502                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     59533721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     59533721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15437118                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2419373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3069                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1549                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          332457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1200110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       647642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       214600                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12780442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3078                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12120146                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1840                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1444099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3471677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20868581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15694368     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2162966     10.36%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1085458      5.20%     90.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       790125      3.79%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       624210      2.99%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255806      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160550      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        84065      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11033      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20868581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2552     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7819     38.30%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10042     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10193849     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       181078      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1517      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1098195      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       645507      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12120146                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.535735                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             20413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001684                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     45131126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14227678                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11935794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12140559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       197310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9733                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       317970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        103384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11354                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12783539                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1200110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       647642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1552                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       106254                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       210504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11951266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032872                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1678319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1697333                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           645447                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.528270                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11935919                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11935794                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6854767                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18474821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.527586                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371033                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8998774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11072725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1710814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3057                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       186274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20550611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.538803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     15969380     77.71%     77.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2290447     11.15%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846989      4.12%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404107      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       364787      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       196654      0.96%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       157166      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78083      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       242998      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20550611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8998774                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11072725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1640700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1002791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1526                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1596700                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9976347                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       227981                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       242998                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           33091087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25885075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                274177                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1754837                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8998774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11072725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8998774                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.514056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.514056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.397764                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.397764                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       53783877                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16629633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      11864232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3052                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          33967                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.992558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1285517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          66733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.263588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           241.734351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.329180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1456.678074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.888370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   461.050624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.859699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   846.226358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.026128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1452.669226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.586862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1446.011493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.892754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   791.563168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.767389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   488.352889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.153889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1098.278007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.996075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1126.183871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.849735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   860.481729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.104710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   851.219125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.129500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   591.049061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.598219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1443.750365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.530310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   581.873392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.288545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   562.487397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.068333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   581.644709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1311.924949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           801.376725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1149.305487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1344.984575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1347.783421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1091.101818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           739.909243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1307.605237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1275.954122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1127.041706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1153.474153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           881.973672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1331.585924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           877.605689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           895.272210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           900.770089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.007377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.014070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.025825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.044332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.044129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.024157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.014903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.033517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.025977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.018037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.044060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.017757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.017750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.040037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.024456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.035074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.033298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.022580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.038939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.035201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.026916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.040637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.026782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.027322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.027489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   50268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            14695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 14695                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3806                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3065                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  33956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 33956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5518215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497080177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155156503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4719718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    286789701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5377218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    499251230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5092866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    499514807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4933938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267665716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5576848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    165267679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    398193476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5382251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    404205736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4451405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    288717260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4459033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    288800982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6159720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203458290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5013182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    499366499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    201682339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    195740753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5941663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198959659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5135703283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       169827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        169827                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5518215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497080177                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155156503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4719718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    286789701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5377218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    499251230                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5092866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    499514807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4933938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267835543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5576848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    165267679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    398193476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5382251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    404205736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4451405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    288717260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4459033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    288800982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6159720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203458290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5013182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    499366499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    201682339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    195740753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5941663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198959659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5135873110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5518215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    497080177                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5398837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    155156503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4719718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    286789701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5377218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    499251230                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5092866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    499514807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4933938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    267835543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5576848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    165267679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5549949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    398193476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5382251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    404205736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4451405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    288717260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4459033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    288800982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6159720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    203458290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5013182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    499366499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6056337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    201682339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6221296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    195740753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5941663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    198959659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5135873110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               84223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             14695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                84397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         3382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         3756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         3764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               84397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.449156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.305638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.448257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.325186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.417722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.386113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.403156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005747                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.448653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.447890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.362363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.402337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.448653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.447890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.362363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.402337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157663.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151872.953559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150637.381553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152248.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.994220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153634.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152164.349284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149790.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152337.544068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149513.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150036.836323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154912.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151482.748854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154165.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150888.016673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149506.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151218.008230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153496.724138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149516.965303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148634.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150104.460499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157941.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151270.104089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151914.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151921.660785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155290.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150846.925206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155532.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151151.160618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156359.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150385.229781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151250.280754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       169827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169827                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157663.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151872.953559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150637.381553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152248.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.994220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153634.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152164.349284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149790.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152337.544068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149513.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150047.923249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154912.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151482.748854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154165.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150888.016673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149506.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151218.008230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153496.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149516.965303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148634.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150104.460499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157941.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151270.104089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151914.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151921.660785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155290.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150846.925206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155532.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151151.160618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156359.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150385.229781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151250.827836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157663.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151872.953559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149967.694444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150637.381553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152248.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150703.994220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153634.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152164.349284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149790.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152337.544068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149513.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150047.923249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154912.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151482.748854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154165.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150888.016673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 149506.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151218.008230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153496.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149516.965303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148634.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150104.460499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 157941.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151270.104089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151914.606061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151921.660785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155290.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150846.925206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155532.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151151.160618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156359.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150385.229781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151250.827836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8609                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8609                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             33956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            33956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306549271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95184858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2918132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    175968731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    308264508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3116916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    308652914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3011468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163778556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    101747054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3452371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244561004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3283871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    248556821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2761178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176232829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2712211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176795016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3892484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125140342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3095876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    308129272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3787298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    123829151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3900730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    120333654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3738779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121910727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158917379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       111380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       111380                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306549271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95184858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2918132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    175968731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    308264508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3116916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    308652914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3011468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163889936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    101747054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3452371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244561004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3283871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    248556821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2761178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176232829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2712211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176795016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3892484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125140342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3095876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    308129272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3787298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    123829151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3900730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    120333654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3738779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121910727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3159028759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306549271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3304163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     95184858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2918132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    175968731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3343792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    308264508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3116916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    308652914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3011468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    163889936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    101747054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3452371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244561004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3283871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    248556821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2761178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    176232829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2712211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176795016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3892484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    125140342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3095876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    308129272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3787298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    123829151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3900730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    120333654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3738779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    121910727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3159028759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.449156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.305638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.449021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.448257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.325186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.410420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.417722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.386113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.353365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.448653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.447890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.362363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.402337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.448787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.380372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.448653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.447890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.362363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.409465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.416745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.385122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.385648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.358475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.449351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.355964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.402337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99492.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93660.027803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92412.483495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94133.290323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92469.117709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95536.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93954.437062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        91674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94130.196401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91256.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91804.123318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96698.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93260.361137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95899.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92671.846912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91218.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92987.961467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95213.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91265.059037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90407.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91889.301455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99807.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93041.146468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93814.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93741.792516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97110.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92617.166043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97518.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92921.740541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98388.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.185941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93032.465881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       111380                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       111380                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99492.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93660.027803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92412.483495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94133.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92469.117709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95536.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93954.437062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        91674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94130.196401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91256.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91815.090196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96698.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93260.361137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95899.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92671.846912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91218.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92987.961467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95213.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91265.059037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90407.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91889.301455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99807.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93041.146468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93814.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93741.792516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97110.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92617.166043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97518.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92921.740541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98388.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.185941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93033.006214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99492.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93660.027803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91782.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92412.483495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94133.290323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92469.117709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95536.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93954.437062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        91674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94130.196401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91256.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91815.090196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96698.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93260.361137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95899.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92671.846912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 91218.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92987.961467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95213.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91265.059037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90407.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91889.301455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 99807.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93041.146468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93814.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93741.792516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97110.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92617.166043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 97518.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92921.740541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 98388.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.185941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93033.006214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              571.387686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001079765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1728980.595855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.090214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   541.297472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.867464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1071875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1071875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1071875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7821390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7821390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7821390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7821390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7821390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7821390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1071920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173808.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173808.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173808.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173808.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 173808.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173808.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6511418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6511418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6511418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6511418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6511418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6511418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180872.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180872.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180872.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180872.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 180872.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180872.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              393103687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             52073.610677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   110.787530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   145.212470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.432764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.567236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2800146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1532776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        4332922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      4332922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       4332922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        26064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        26064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        26064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3137167737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3137167737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1527962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1527962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3138695699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3138695699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3138695699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3138695699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2826190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1532796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4358986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      4358986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4358986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120456.448203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120456.448203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76398.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76398.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120422.640385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120422.640385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120422.640385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120422.640385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18771                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812546442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812546442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       397133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       397133                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812943575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    812943575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    812943575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    812943575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111506.304652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111506.304652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66188.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66188.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111469.021665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111469.021665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111469.021665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111469.021665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              487.933958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              974692278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1977063.444219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.933958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1108717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1108717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1108717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1108717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1108717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7539739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7539739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1108766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1108766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1108766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153872.224490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6078966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6078966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159972.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 3382                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              144284488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 3638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             39660.387026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   219.212003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    36.787997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.856297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.143703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       882863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        882863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       654355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1537218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1537218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1537218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1537218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         8726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         8726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    910106011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    910106011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4076201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4076201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    914182212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    914182212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    914182212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    914182212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       891535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       891535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       654409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654409                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1684                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1592                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1545944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1545944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1545944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1545944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104947.648870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104947.648870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75485.203704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75485.203704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104765.323401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104765.323401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104765.323401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104765.323401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    322972141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322972141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       856069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       856069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    323828210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323828210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    323828210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    323828210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95837.430564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95837.430564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 71339.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71339.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95750.505618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95750.505618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 95750.505618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95750.505618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              550.420997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              888914977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1590187.794275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.092500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.328497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1099130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1099130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1099130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1099130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6081491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6081491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6081491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6081491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6081491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6081491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1099168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160039.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160039.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160039.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160039.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160039.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160039.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5224638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5224638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5224638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5224638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163269.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163269.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163269.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163269.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163269.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163269.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              199356830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             37907.744818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.971309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.028691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.722544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.277456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1652555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       291746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1944301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1944301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1944301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1944301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1964101010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1964101010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2859888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2859888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1966960898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1966960898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1966960898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1966960898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1670403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1670403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       291776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1962179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1962179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1962179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1962179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110046.000112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110046.000112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95329.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95329.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110021.305403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110021.305403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110021.305403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110021.305403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12875                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    515427501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515427501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       450956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       450956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    515878457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515878457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    515878457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515878457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103147.388633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103147.388633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 75159.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75159.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103113.823106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.823106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103113.823106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103113.823106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              571.397964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001079975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1728980.958549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.952059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   540.445905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.049603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.866099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1072085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1072085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1072085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1072085                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8210774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8210774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8210774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8210774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8210774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8210774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1072132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1072132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1072132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1072132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174697.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174697.319149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174697.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174697.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174697.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174697.319149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6475547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6475547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6475547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6475547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179876.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179876.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179876.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179876.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179876.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179876.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              393104663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             51936.142555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   110.789083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   145.210917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.432770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.567230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2800738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1533198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1533198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4333936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4333936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4333936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4333936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        26145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3155290266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3155290266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1623538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1623538                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3156913804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3156913804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3156913804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3156913804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2826864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1533217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1533217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4360081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4360081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4360081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4360081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120772.038046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120772.038046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85449.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85449.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120746.368483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120746.368483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120746.368483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120746.368483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    817596114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817596114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       436801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       436801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818032915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818032915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    818032915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818032915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111892.173806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111892.173806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72800.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72800.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111860.100506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111860.100506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111860.100506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111860.100506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              571.830868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001079763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1731971.908304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.533714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.297153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1071873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1071873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1071873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1071873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1071873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8101185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8101185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8101185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8101185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8101185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8101185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176112.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176112.717391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176112.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176112.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 176112.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176112.717391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6520584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6520584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6520584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6520584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186302.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186302.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186302.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186302.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 186302.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186302.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7321                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              393105158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             51881.372311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.794032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.205968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.432789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.567211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2801062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2801062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1533327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1533327                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4334389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4334389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4334389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4334389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        26161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        26161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        26161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3168069229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3168069229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1663715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1663715                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3169732944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3169732944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3169732944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3169732944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2827203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2827203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1533347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1533347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          749                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4360550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4360550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4360550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4360550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121191.585211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121191.585211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83185.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83185.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121162.529873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121162.529873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121162.529873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121162.529873                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1303                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18840                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    818903908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818903908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       448808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       448808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    819352716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819352716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    819352716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819352716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111948.586193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111948.586193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 74801.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74801.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111918.141784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111918.141784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 111918.141784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111918.141784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.018951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              972764194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1885201.926357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.018951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.048107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1084853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1084853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1084853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1084853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1084853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1084853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6812563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6812563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6812563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6812563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6812563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6812563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1084896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1084896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1084896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1084896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1084896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1084896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158431.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158431.697674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158431.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158431.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 158431.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158431.697674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5464393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5464393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5464393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5464393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5464393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5464393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160717.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160717.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160717.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160717.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160717.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160717.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              153806217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             29680.860093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.481273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.518727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.884692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.115308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       763067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        763067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       644226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1407293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1407293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1407293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1407293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2142417566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2142417566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47415528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47415528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2189833094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2189833094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2189833094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2189833094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       780070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       780070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       644647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1549                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1481                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1424717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1424717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1424717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1424717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126002.327001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126002.327001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112625.957245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112625.957245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125679.126148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125679.126148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125679.126148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125679.126148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        12498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12498                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    497812748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    497812748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1150023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1150023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    498962771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    498962771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    498962771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    498962771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101387.525051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101387.525051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 71876.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71876.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101291.670930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101291.670930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101291.670930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101291.670930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              488.740730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              974691397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1977061.657201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.740730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1107836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1107836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1107836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8111088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8111088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8111088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8111088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8111088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8111088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1107887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159040.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159040.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159040.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6281842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6281842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6281842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6281842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165311.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165311.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165311.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165311.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165311.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165311.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              144283259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 3626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             39791.301434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.021763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.978237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.855554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.144446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       881923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        881923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       654060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       654060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1535983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1535983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1535983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1535983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         8709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         8709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    919846653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    919846653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6155495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6155495                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    926002148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    926002148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    926002148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    926002148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       890555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       890555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       654137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       654137                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1692                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1544692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1544692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1544692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106562.401877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106562.401877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 79941.493506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79941.493506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106327.035021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106327.035021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106327.035021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106327.035021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    328805898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328805898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1102876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1102876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    329908774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329908774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    329908774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329908774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98004.738599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98004.738599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73525.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73525.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97895.778635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97895.778635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97895.778635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97895.778635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.222682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              977200585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1854270.559772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.222682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.046831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1097070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1097070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1097070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1097070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7360412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7360412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7360412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7360412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7360412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7360412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1097118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1097118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1097118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1097118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153341.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153341.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153341.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153341.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153341.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153341.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5967639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5967639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5967639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5967639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161287.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161287.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161287.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161287.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161287.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161287.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              162703172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             24280.431577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   228.187746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    27.812254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.891358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.108642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       760036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        760036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       628302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       628302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1388338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1388338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        16435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        16435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        16435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1938946203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1938946203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7235868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7235868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1946182071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1946182071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1946182071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1946182071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       776383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       628390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       628390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1465                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1404773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1404773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1404773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1404773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118611.745458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118611.745458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82225.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82225.772727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118416.919440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118416.919440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118416.919440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118416.919440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             907                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    682423530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    682423530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1001361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1001361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    683424891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683424891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    683424891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683424891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106131.186625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106131.186625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66757.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66757.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106039.548642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.548642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106039.548642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106039.548642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              520.090635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              977200331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1854270.077799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.090635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.048222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1096816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1096816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1096816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1096816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1096816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1096816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7063665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7063665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7063665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7063665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7063665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7063665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1096863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1096863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1096863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150290.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150290.744681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150290.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150290.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150290.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150290.744681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5846133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5846133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5846133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5846133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5846133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5846133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158003.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158003.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158003.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158003.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158003.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158003.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              162700787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             24392.921589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.989808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.010192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.890585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.109415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       758689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        758689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       627342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       627342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1386031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1386031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1386031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1386031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        16483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        16483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1955652789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1955652789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7755491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7755491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1963408280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1963408280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1963408280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1963408280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       775081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       627433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       627433                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1462                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1402514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1402514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119305.318997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119305.318997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85225.175824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85225.175824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119117.167991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119117.167991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119117.167991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119117.167991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             870                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    682764385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    682764385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1016882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1016882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    683781267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    683781267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    683781267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    683781267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106698.606814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106698.606814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67792.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67792.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106607.618803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106607.618803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 106607.618803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106607.618803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              549.580427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              888914496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1595896.761221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.251939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.328488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1098649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1098649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1098649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1098649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1098649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5404773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5404773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5404773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5404773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5404773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5404773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1098684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1098684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1098684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154422.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154422.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154422.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154422.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154422.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154422.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4813066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4813066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4813066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4813066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4813066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4813066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160435.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160435.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160435.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160435.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 160435.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160435.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              199356955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             37828.644213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   184.961259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    71.038741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.722505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.277495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1652769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1652769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       291661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1944430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1944430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1944430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1944430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           27                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        17870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        17870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        17870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1959625910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1959625910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2410191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2410191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1962036101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1962036101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1962036101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1962036101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1670612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1670612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       291688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          690                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1962300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1962300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1962300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1962300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109826.033178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109826.033178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 89266.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89266.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109794.969278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109794.969278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109794.969278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109794.969278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        12856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    516937152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516937152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       409764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       409764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    517346916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    517346916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    517346916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    517346916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103222.274760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103222.274760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        68294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103180.477862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.477862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103180.477862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.477862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.359288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              888914576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1593036.874552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.030718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.328570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.038511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1098729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1098729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1098729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1098729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1098729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1098729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5604260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5604260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5604260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5604260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5604260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5604260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1098765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1098765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1098765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1098765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1098765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1098765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155673.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155673.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155673.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155673.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 155673.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155673.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4910868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4910868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4910868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4910868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158415.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158415.096774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158415.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158415.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158415.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158415.096774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4988                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              199355552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             38015.932876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.278228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.721772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.719837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.280163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1651683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1651683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       291336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       291336                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1943019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1943019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1943019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1943019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1957083540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1957083540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2647572                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2647572                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1959731112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1959731112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1959731112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1959731112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1669436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1669436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       291366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       291366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          698                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1960802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1960802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1960802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1960802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110239.595561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110239.595561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 88252.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88252.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110202.503065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110202.503065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 110202.503065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110202.503065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        12794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    515210182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515210182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       409619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       409619                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    515619801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    515619801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    515619801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515619801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103393.574553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103393.574553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68269.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68269.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103351.333133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103351.333133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103351.333133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103351.333133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              509.388964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              971550576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1886505.972816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.388964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.055111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1100214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1100214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1100214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9421780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9421780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9421780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9421780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9421780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9421780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1100260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204821.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 204821.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204821.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 204821.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204821.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 204821.304348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8175714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8175714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8175714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8175714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8175714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8175714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204392.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204392.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204392.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204392.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 204392.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 204392.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148002894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36926.869760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   222.478734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    33.521266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.869058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.130942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       754552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        754552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       633886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       633886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1388438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1388438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1388438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1388438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        11930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        11930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        11930                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1436132405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1436132405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8061561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8061561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1444193966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1444193966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1444193966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1444193966                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       766392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       766392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       633976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       633976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1525                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1400368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1400368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1400368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1400368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121294.966639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121294.966639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89572.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89572.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121055.655155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121055.655155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121055.655155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121055.655155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    379601667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379601667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1159502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1159502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380761169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    380761169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    380761169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    380761169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101579.252609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101579.252609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77300.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77300.133333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101482.187900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101482.187900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101482.187900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101482.187900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              570.979856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001079531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1734973.190641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.253737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.726118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.046881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1071641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1071641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1071641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1071641                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7762928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7762928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7762928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7762928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7762928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7762928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1071686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172509.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172509.511111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172509.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172509.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172509.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172509.511111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6163057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6163057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6163057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6163057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181266.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181266.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181266.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181266.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 181266.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 181266.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              393103971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             51929.190357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.796105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   145.203895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.432797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.567203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2800167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2800167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1533076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1533076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4333243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4333243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4333243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4333243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        26175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        26175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        26175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3160488084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3160488084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1619673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1619673                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3162107757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3162107757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3162107757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3162107757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2826322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2826322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1533096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1533096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          748                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4359418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4359418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4359418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4359418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120836.860409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120836.860409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 80983.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80983.650000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120806.409054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120806.409054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120806.409054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120806.409054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18860                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    816336367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    816336367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       423574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       423574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    816759941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    816759941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    816759941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    816759941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111689.200575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111689.200575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70595.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70595.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111655.494327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111655.494327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 111655.494327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111655.494327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.045055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              971550491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1882849.788760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.045055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1100129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1100129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1100129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1100129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1100129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9970543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9970543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9970543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9970543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9970543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9970543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1100176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1100176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1100176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212139.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212139.212766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212139.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212139.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212139.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212139.212766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9014766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9014766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9014766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9014766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9014766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9014766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219872.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219872.341463                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219872.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219872.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 219872.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219872.341463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 3756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              148004426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             36890.435194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   222.489673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    33.510327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.869100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.130900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       755299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       634703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1390002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1390002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1390002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1390002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        11962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        11962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        11962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1434890600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1434890600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7623615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7623615                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442514215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1442514215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1442514215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1442514215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       767174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       634790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1527                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1401964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1401964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1401964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1401964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120832.892632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120832.892632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87627.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87627.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120591.390654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120591.390654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120591.390654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120591.390654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8206                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    378757339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378757339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1060705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1060705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379818044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379818044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379818044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379818044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101244.944935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101244.944935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 70713.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70713.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101123.014909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101123.014909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101123.014909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101123.014909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.981251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              971550561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1879208.048356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.981251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1100199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1100199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1100199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1100199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1100199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10024167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10024167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10024167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10024167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10024167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10024167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1100250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1100250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1100250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196552.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196552.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196552.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196552.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196552.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196552.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8780496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8780496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8780496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8780496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 209059.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209059.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 209059.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209059.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 209059.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 209059.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 3764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              148005738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             36817.347761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   222.489166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    33.510834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.869098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.130902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       755828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       635446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       635446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1391274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1391274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1391274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1391274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        11934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        11934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1424943700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424943700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6844827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6844827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431788527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1431788527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431788527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1431788527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       767683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       635525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       635525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1403208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1403208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1403208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1403208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120197.697174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120197.697174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86643.379747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86643.379747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119975.576253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119975.576253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119975.576253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119975.576253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    376084324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376084324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1015459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1015459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    377099783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    377099783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    377099783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377099783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100289.153067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100289.153067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 72532.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72532.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100185.914718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100185.914718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 100185.914718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100185.914718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              509.996690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              971550627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1886506.071845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.996690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.056084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1100265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1100265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1100265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1100265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9784387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9784387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9784387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9784387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9784387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9784387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1100310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217430.822222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 217430.822222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217430.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217430.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217430.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217430.822222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8714253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8714253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8714253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8714253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8714253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8714253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217856.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217856.325000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217856.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217856.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 217856.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 217856.325000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148005189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36863.060772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   222.467217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    33.532783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.869013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.130987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       755933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        755933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       634885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       634885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1390818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1390818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1390818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1390818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        11977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        11977                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1437191032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1437191032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7289034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7289034                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1444480066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1444480066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1444480066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1444480066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       767824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       767824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       634971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       634971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1528                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1402795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1402795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1402795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1402795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120863.765201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120863.765201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84756.209302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84756.209302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120604.497453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120604.497453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120604.497453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120604.497453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    377977440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377977440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1049473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1049473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    379026913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379026913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    379026913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379026913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100955.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100955.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69964.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69964.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100831.847034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100831.847034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 100831.847034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100831.847034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
