
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000964                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   964215756                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391063529493                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 414367                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525009                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33780                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28543.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11827657096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985832392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        37504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        37888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        20864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        38784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        38400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        10368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        65536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               458880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       206976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            206976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1617                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1858505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     38895859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1858505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39294110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3186009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21638311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3717010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     11283782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3717010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     10752780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3717010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10885530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3318759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     11682033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3717010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10752780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1858505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40223363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3717010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     11283782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1725755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     67171688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1858505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39825112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3849761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10752780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3186009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22036562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1725755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     67968190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1858505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     16593796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               475910083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1858505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1858505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3186009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3717010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3717010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3717010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3318759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3717010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1858505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3717010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1725755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1858505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3849761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3186009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1725755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1858505                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           44869626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         214657351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              214657351                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         214657351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1858505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     38895859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1858505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39294110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3186009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21638311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3717010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     11283782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3717010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     10752780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3717010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10885530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3318759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     11682033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3717010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10752780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1858505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40223363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3717010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     11283782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1725755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     67171688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1858505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39825112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3849761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10752780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3186009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22036562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1725755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     67968190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1858505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     16593796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              690567434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11226                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77780                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62693                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9831                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          503                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1894810                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1130077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72524                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         35667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        43240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11106                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2185257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1962237     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7950      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16346      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6792      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36144      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32636      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6415      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13283      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103454      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2185257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077959                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1883863                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        54594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          717                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16046                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1324876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1886312                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         36551                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        11552                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6393                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1323055                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           82                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1562575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6225311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6225311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         213598                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           17970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1433                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7493                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1318393                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       123441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       298839                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2185257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1737762     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134557      6.16%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109990      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47702      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60301      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57765      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32809      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2809      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1562      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2185257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3193     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24481     86.15%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          743      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792711     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10991      0.87%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298723     23.77%     87.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154185     12.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.543486                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28417                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022613                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4727986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442040                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15967                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         33156                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1318552                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1062                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12805                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246544                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297539                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154130                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.539100                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1243963                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1332321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543925                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734239     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156362      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73057      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72010      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19657      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83755      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6578      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4547      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11044      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3468900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2661409                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.312269                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.312269                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1450695                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1567722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         180653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62712                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1131437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            180653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        72554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              223155                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         35818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        43297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          110543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11128                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2185809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1962654     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           7842      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16575      0.76%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           6773      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          32676      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6232      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          13300      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         103729      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2185809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.078128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1884003                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        54705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          222225                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          727                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        24141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16006                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1326367                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        24141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1886490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         37106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        11072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          220572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1324611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2548                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           24                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1565548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6231398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6231398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1349609                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         215926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18050                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       308375                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       154670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256449                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       306224                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2185809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738424     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134317      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110050      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47970      2.19%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60213      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57693      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32780      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2771      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1591      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2185809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3192     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24426     86.19%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792974     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10997      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298375     23.75%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154028     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256449                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.543384                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022555                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4727977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445607                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15645                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1563                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        24141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         33677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1685                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308375                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1164                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7088                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        12900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246300                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             451281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         163169                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           153987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538994                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1243858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1243732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          673466                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1332511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.505411                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000367                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144330                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        11284                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734236     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156669      7.25%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73094      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72142      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19642      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83770      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6505      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4614      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10996      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1000367                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1175997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               445837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              292730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           155425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1045781                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        10996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3470999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2664809                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 42989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                126460                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1000367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1175997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1000367                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.311421                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.311421                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.432634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.432634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6150669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1451248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1568817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2312126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         186317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20236                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76316                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18839                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1062411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            186317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        89788                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         57747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          111741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19952                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2119148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1886441     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          24779      1.17%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          29248      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          15734      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          17537      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          10512      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6938      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17867      0.84%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         110092      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2119148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080583                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1772360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        77485                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          230485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36814                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        30037                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1295914                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2049                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36814                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1775715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         15133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        53774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          229199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1294036                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1801412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6022555                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6022555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1508440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         292915                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          338                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24284                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       124079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        66445                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1670                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1211333                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       412824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2119148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608997     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205132      9.68%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110287      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76446      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66703      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33601      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8493      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5398      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4091      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2119148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1129     42.67%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1014925     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18713      1.54%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111785      9.23%     94.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65764      5.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1211333                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.523904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2646                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4545928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1467997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1189148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1728                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           73                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36814                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10990                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1129                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290876                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66445                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11116                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        22835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1191539                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104844                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19794                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             170574                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         166307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            65730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.515343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1189252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1189148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          707673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1853268                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.514309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381851                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       885707                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1086860                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          297                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1638162     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206300      9.91%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86336      4.15%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51536      2.47%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35671      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23285      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12286      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9609      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19149      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082334                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       885707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1086860                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               164751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              100060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           155617                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          979798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        19149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3353979                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2618514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                192978                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            885707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1086860                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       885707                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.610486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.610486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.383070                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.383070                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5373945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1653773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1208203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          296                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         209840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174832                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79135                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74305                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22014                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1812637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1150398                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            209840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              238681                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         58879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        55492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          114199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2144736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1906055     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          14428      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18049      0.84%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          29036      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12046      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          15807      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          18067      0.84%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           8519      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         122729      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2144736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.090751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.497519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1802017                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67409                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          237426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1404845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1804394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          5794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        56010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          235193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         5637                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1395143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1948766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6482255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6482255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1593436                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         355330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           21100                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131938                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        67423                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14872                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1359286                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1292918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1740                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186338                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       392690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2144736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598928     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247590     11.54%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101881      4.75%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57260      2.67%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77312      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24431      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23980      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12329      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1025      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2144736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9060     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1271     11.06%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1166     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089271     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17512      1.35%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118953      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67024      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1292918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.559156                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11497                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4743809                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1256679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28244                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          4293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1359632                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131938                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67423                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11400                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12204                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        23604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1268513                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116432                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             183420                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         178825                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            66988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.548601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1256725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1256679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          752689                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2021549                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.543483                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       927121                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1142565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20720                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623312     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245418     11.65%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88748      4.21%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44233      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40500      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17204      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16922      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8136      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22556      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       927121                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1142565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               169597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              103694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           165640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1028671                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        22556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3444106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2757004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                167533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            927121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1142565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       927121                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.494032                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.494032                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.400957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.400957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5705659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1757660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1297830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         209714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79691                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74671                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22011                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1150266                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            209714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96682                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          114182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1906986     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14281      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18336      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          29037      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12248      0.57%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          15762      0.73%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          18032      0.84%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8404      0.39%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122691      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2145777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090696                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1803784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        66989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37326                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          222                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1404232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37326                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1806220                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5939                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        55371                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1394209                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1947933                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6480006                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6480006                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1598300                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         349627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          183                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21399                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       131776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        67364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14771                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1358791                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          345                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1293359                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       387478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325368                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599325     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248204     11.57%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101716      4.74%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57371      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77807      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24180      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23767      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12376      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1031      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9045     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1227     10.73%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1168     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089750     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17586      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118885      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66980      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1293359                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.559346                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008845                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4745454                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27771                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1262                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37326                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1359137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1269322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24037                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             183446                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179011                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            66939                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.548951                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1257689                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1257644                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          754026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2025230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.543900                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372316                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929937                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146059                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       213086                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2108451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623448     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245977     11.67%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89038      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44269      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40614      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17308      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17024      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8125      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22648      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2108451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       929937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1146059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               170103                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              104001                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           166143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1031814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23683                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        22648                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3444935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2755626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                166492                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            929937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1146059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       929937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.486479                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.486479                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.402175                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.402175                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5710355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1759466                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1297806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         210348                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79809                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74489                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22074                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814237                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1152962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            210348                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96563                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              239208                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         58860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        54187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          114270                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1906358     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          14442      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18042      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          29098      1.36%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12167      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          15788      0.74%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          18111      0.84%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8545      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         123015      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2145566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090970                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.498628                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1803629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        66126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237923                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31766                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          222                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1407925                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1806014                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          5894                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        54627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          235693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5624                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1397954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1952405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6495166                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6495166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1596868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         355537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           21113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       132350                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        67538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1362215                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1295415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1697                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598852     74.52%     74.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247806     11.55%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102079      4.76%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57423      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77585      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24522      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23880      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12400      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1019      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9044     78.71%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1277     11.11%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1091363     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17571      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119146      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67177      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1295415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.560235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4749583                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1549410                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1362564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132350                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          482                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271104                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116660                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             183805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179263                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            67145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.549722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1259284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1259242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          754325                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2025778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.544591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372363                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1145029                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217549                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623083     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245880     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89045      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44363      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40540      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17220      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16983      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8100      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22639      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       929105                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1145029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               169967                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              103916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           165984                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1030895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        22639                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3447779                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2762873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29354                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                166703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            929105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1145029                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       929105                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.488706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.488706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.401815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.401815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5717156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1761098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1300699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         210078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79662                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          951                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1151735                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            210078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96589                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              238841                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        53857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          114280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19716                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2144927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1906086     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14286      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17954      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          28943      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12176      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          15928      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          18089      0.84%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8710      0.41%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         122755      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2144927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498097                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1803600                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        65829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          237556                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31692                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1406799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1304                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1806027                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5728                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        54474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         5648                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1396892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1950191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6491446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6491446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1595335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         354812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          339                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21338                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       132480                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        67560                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14952                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360650                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1293619                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1722                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       396355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2144927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598514     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       247921     11.56%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101751      4.74%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57569      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77699      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24496      1.14%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23643      1.10%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12317      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1017      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2144927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          8990     78.60%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1281     11.20%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1089758     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17536      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119027      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67140      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1293619                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.559459                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11438                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4745325                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1257602                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1581                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1360993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132480                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67560                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          491                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1269491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             183724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         178900                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            67110                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.549024                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1257637                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1257602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          753312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2024736                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.543882                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1143903                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217060                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20704                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1622832     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245717     11.66%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        88963      4.22%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44208      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40525      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17258      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16922      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8126      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22604      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       928218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1143903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               169780                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              103801                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           165837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1029864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23634                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        22604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3445501                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2759738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 29382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                167342                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            928218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1143903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       928218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.491084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.491084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.401432                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.401432                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5710370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1758368                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1299383                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         210310                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20817                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79548                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22053                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1152671                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            210310                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        96468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              239024                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        53821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          114384                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1906603     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          14383      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17929      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          28990      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12143      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          15872      0.74%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          18201      0.85%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8622      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122884      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2145627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090954                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.498502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1804127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        65686                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237786                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31758                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1408038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1806482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        54106                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          235565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1398417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1953090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6497299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6497299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1596671                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         356419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          345                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       132422                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        67578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1362640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1295897                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1694                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598642     74.51%     74.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248051     11.56%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102060      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57363      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77642      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24547      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23929      1.12%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12384      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1009      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145627                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9025     78.66%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1282     11.17%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1091915     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17546      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119100      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67178      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1295897                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.560444                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11474                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4750589                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1048                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37854                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1362989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1033                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132422                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          486                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        23666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             183727                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         179247                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            67144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.549834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1259573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1259527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          754762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2028255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.544715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       928993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1144894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218109                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20779                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623188     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245769     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89012      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44299      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40518      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17208      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17015      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8110      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22654      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       928993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1144894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               169950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              103906                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           165971                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1030767                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        23657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        22654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3448109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2763865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                166642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            928993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1144894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       928993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.489006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.489006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.401767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.401767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5718059                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1761824                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1300356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         180516                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          509                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893818                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1130953                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            180516                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        72527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              223122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         35730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        43865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          110413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2185091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1961969     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           7876      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16398      0.75%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           6823      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          36103      1.65%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          32644      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6374      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          13336      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         103568      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2185091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.078069                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489110                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1882677                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        55404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          222167                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        24107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        15988                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1326056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        24107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1885173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         36924                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        11884                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          220507                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6488                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1324384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         2513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           57                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1564641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6230973                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6230973                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1349384                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         215239                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           86                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           18355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       308559                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       154625                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1472                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         7513                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          160                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          944                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124960                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       306036                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2185091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738102     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134119      6.14%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109870      5.03%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47695      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60365      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57794      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32802      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2783      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1561      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2185091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3188     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24477     86.20%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          729      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792559     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10997      0.88%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298502     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154022     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.543256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4726738                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243338                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           53                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1521                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        24107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         33375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1710                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319687                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308559                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154625                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1194                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           53                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6989                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        12807                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             451232                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         162984                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           153987                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.538837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1243452                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1243338                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          673031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1332479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.537713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505097                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365951                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1733871     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156337      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73150      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71964      3.33%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19702      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83843      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6526      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4591      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11000      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1000237                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1175845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               445822                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              292721                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           155397                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1045653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        11464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        11000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3469819                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2663794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42921                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                127178                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1000237                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1175845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1000237                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.311721                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.311721                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.432578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.432578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6149234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1450378                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1568250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         209909                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79937                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22052                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          935                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815984                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1150684                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            209909                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              238720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         58584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        54620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          114279                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2147042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1908322     88.88%     88.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          14316      0.67%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18044      0.84%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          28980      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12155      0.57%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          15714      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          18150      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8681      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         122680      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2147042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1805377                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        66535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          237462                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        37500                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31703                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1405711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1295                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        37500                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1807756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        55415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          235226                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1395942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1949555                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6487206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6487206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1598318                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         351237                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           20916                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       132229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        67650                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14985                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360573                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294396                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1718                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184107                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       391422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2147042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.602874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.325190                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599947     74.52%     74.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248621     11.58%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101729      4.74%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57674      2.69%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77598      3.61%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24365      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23710      1.10%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12366      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1032      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2147042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9034     78.70%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1280     11.15%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1165     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090298     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17561      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119110      9.20%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67269      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294396                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.559795                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11479                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4749031                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258700                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        37500                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1360907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67650                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11443                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23508                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1270438                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23958                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             183839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179122                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            67234                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.549433                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1258736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1258700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          753779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2025982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.544357                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2109542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543284                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1624478     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246038     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89149      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44095      2.09%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40747      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17226      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16979      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8172      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22658      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2109542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       929942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1146081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               170115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104013                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           166146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1031837                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3447795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2759353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 29314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                165227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            929942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1146081                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       929942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.486466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.486466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.402177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.402177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5714627                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1760326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1298552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         180270                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146939                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73824                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17925                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          833                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1745652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1064796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            180270                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        86564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              218440                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        58825                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          109056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19130                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2062766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1844326     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11440      0.55%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18353      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          27507      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11430      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          13628      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          14306      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10075      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         111701      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2062766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077962                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1724114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        81000                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          216821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        29328                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1290756                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1728321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         38596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        29219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          214025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13060                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1288110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          990                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1763196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6004055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6004055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1452894                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         310299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           38156                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       130326                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        71885                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3581                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        13912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1283595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197584                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1811                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456869                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2062766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1553051     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206407     10.01%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114238      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75064      3.64%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68612      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21435      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15235      0.74%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5316      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3408      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2062766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1212     41.29%     52.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1395     47.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       986246     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22008      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118706      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70491      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197584                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.517926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2935                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002451                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4462680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175376                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5662                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         28877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1457                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130326                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71885                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          756                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10279                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22076                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179936                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             182663                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         160084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            70355                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.510294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1175469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1175376                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          695433                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1764992                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.508321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870349                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1061534                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223316                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        19420                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2023224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1593251     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204633     10.11%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84976      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43462      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32700      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18505      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11408      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9522      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24767      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2023224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       870349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1061534                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               170206                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              102900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           147421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          959766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        20714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3283307                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2609251                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31291                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                249503                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            870349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1061534                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       870349                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.656715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.656715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.376405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.376405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5355328                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1607112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1222694                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         180477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11259                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          501                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1893313                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1130504                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            180477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        72516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              223088                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         35843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        44826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          110483                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2185559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1962471     89.79%     89.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           7937      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16537      0.76%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           6771      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          36097      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          32688      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           6208      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          13277      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         103573      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2185559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.078052                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1882369                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        56137                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          222156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          736                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        24153                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        16019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1325223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1073                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        24153                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1884855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         38247                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        11234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          220502                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1323542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2432                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          162                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1563731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6226613                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6226613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1347844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         215875                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          158                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18105                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       308444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       154622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256156                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125322                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2185559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1738814     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133823      6.12%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110013      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47565      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60312      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57789      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32847      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2831      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1565      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2185559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3176     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24482     86.22%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          736      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792627     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10962      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298504     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153988     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256156                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.543257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4727249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        24153                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         34788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1129                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7109                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        12878                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             451247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         162988                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           153942                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1243225                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1243113                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          673101                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1332487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999347                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144575                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        11293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2161406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1734617     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156192      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73040      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72142      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19578      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83771      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6554      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4534      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10978      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2161406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       999347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1174751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               445669                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              292626                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           155254                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1044655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11440                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        10978                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3469754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2662823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                126710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            999347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1174751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       999347                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.313780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.313780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432193                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432193                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6148481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1450234                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1567765                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175335                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79676                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22083                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1815019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1154236                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        96678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239385                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         58905                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        54592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          114343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19699                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2146977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1907592     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14328      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18016      0.84%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          29080      1.35%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          12228      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15807      0.74%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          18240      0.85%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8565      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         123121      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2146977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.091016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.499179                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1804334                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        66623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238089                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        37763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        31745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1409674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1302                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        37763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1806780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          5722                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        55222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          235782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         5707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1399592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         3939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1954516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6503828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6503828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1598324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         356192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          348                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21475                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       132574                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        67595                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        14969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       187054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       396535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2146977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599861     74.52%     74.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248098     11.56%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101851      4.74%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57611      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77860      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24453      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23817      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12421      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1005      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2146977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9032     78.73%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1271     11.08%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1169     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092158     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17557      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119136      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67218      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296227                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.560587                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008850                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4752544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28560                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1493                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        37763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          4299                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132574                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67595                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11374                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        23588                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1271896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             183854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         179310                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            67180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.550064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1260134                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1260093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          755287                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2029694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.544960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        20691                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2109214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623966     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246177     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89083      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44441      2.11%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40540      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17233      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17014      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8072      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22688      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2109214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       929945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1146083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               170116                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              104014                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           166146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1031838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        22688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3450269                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2765279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 29412                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                165292                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            929945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1146083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       929945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.486458                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.486458                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.402179                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.402179                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5721094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1762251                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1302054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         186494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152826                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20167                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70949                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          908                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1787791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1064873                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            186494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        89858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              233020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         57709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          111754                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19885                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2118732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1885712     89.00%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          24767      1.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          29119      1.37%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          15767      0.74%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          17615      0.83%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          10512      0.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6928      0.33%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          18026      0.85%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         110286      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2118732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1772301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        76782                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          230850                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        30156                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1298669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1775647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         15777                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        52366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          229522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1296847                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1804713                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6036112                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6036112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1510866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         293830                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24317                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       124351                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        66777                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14193                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1293304                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          342                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1214007                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2118732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607712     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205350      9.69%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110431      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76502      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66927      3.16%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33815      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8522      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5410      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4063      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2118732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1164     43.30%     55.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1198     44.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016832     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18772      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       112189      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66067      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1214007                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.525028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2688                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002214                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4551030                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1471732                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1191705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        36837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         11418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1293653                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       124351                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66777                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          756                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11052                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11725                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        22777                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1194219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             171201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         166542                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            66027                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.516471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1191803                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1191705                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          709284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1857471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.515383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381855                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887257                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088601                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205046                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2081895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637036     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206590      9.92%     88.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86509      4.16%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51669      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35672      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23290      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12293      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9598      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19238      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2081895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       887257                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1088601                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               165035                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              100209                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           155808                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          981393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        19238                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3356291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2624155                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29478                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                193537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            887257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1088601                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       887257                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.606087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.606087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.383717                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.383717                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5386132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1656822                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1211158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         180233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1744323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1064260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            180233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        86569                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              218439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         59666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        57367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          109065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19159                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1841535     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          11449      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18403      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          27574      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11479      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          13600      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          14197      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9998      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         111739      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2059974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1722733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        79608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          216847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        29261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1290083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1726965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         38471                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        28040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          213984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1287352                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          979                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1762349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6000269                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6000269                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1451922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         310414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           38058                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       130365                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        71891                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3606                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        13852                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1282867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1196583                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1911                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198175                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457644                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1550729     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206373     10.02%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113792      5.52%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75171      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68621      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21358      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15125      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5351      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3454      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1222     41.33%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1402     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985408     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21964      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118599      9.91%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70479      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1196583                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.517493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4458006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1174552                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        39538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         28586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           87                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130365                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71891                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          145                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          726                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10286                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22142                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179104                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112216                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             182548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         159908                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            70332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.509934                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1174654                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1174552                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          694903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1763631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.507965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869788                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1060824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223236                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        19468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2020436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590915     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204399     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84828      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43434      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32707      1.62%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18430      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11385      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9525      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24813      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2020436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       869788                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1060824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               170083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              102823                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           147319                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          959127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        20700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24813                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3279683                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2607678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 31281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                252295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            869788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1060824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       869788                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.658428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.658428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.376162                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.376162                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5351783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1606373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1222077                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2312269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         190787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156258                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77333                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73180                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1825479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1068813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            190787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        92468                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              222034                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        41629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          113087                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19929                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1902818     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10283      0.48%     90.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16165      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          21693      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22759      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          19292      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10342      0.49%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          16024      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         105476      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2124852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082511                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1806813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        60700                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          221432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        35543                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31132                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1310305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        35543                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1812239                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         13097                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        35932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          216355                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1308549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1827300                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6085258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6085258                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1551182                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         276115                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           37013                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       123095                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        65283                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1305352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1228472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606844     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211892      9.97%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107654      5.07%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82024      3.86%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64206      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25938      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16592      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8482      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1220      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     13.41%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.09%     49.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1111     50.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1033870     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18336      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111100      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65014      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1228472                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531284                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2200                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001791                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4584244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1208227                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1230672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2508                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        35543                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1167                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123095                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65283                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          990                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11877                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1210066                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             169445                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         171522                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            65000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1208293                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1208227                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          694701                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1873646                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522529                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370775                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       904366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192738                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633174     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225877     10.81%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85546      4.09%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40559      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33970      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19920      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17784      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7740      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24739      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       904366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1112922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               164867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              100766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           160547                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1002677                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24739                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3370230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2646868                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                187417                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            904366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1112922                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       904366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.556785                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.556785                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391116                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391116                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5444460                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1684588                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1213157                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3590                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32746.295960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1580230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          43.485787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1237.385103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.085247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   159.950648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.160390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   162.550990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.402874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    82.287611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.441264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    37.730471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.477340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    36.383375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.477422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    37.179293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.809229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    39.326935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.453834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    37.321532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.997748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   168.598026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.496088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    38.746561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.683599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.392266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.163673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   162.891999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.041663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    35.635570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.402851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    82.535357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.682618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   236.825760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.590482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    63.404670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2285.005940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2239.844160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1903.883249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1243.463125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1263.763384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1250.585610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1251.381750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1261.122163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2248.670884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1252.190186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          3217.231795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2297.512460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1258.095225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1897.378651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          3168.495971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1585.158921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.037762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.004961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.001151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.005145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.007123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.004971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.001088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.007227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.069733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.068355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.058102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.037947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.038567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.038165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.038189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.038486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.068624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.038214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.098182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.070115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.057903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.096695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.048375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2438                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2438                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          409                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          247                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          467                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44491540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2174708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44590278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3587669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25008310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4855241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12897790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4538640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12611596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4672528                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12544398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3981499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13397125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4710278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12082858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45774358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4649490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13013564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1818637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     68986669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45672727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4432153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12163533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3495164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24842861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2143048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     70339734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18622330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       531010094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6922547                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6541382                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13463929                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44491540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2174708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44590278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3587669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25008310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4855241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12897790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4538640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12611596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4672528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12544398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3981499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13397125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4710278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12082858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45774358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4649490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13013564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1818637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75909216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45672727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4432153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12163533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3495164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24842861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2143048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76881116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18622330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        544474023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2259223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     44491540                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2174708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     44590278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3587669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25008310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4855241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12897790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4538640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12611596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4672528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12544398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3981499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13397125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4710278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12082858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2191409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45774358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4649490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13013564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1818637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75909216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2288955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45672727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4432153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12163533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3495164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     24842861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2143048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     76881116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     18622330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       544474023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.317829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.257576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.246201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.249240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.267477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.245455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.258359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.246201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.501071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.398109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.812500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.256024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.244713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.265861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.256024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.520041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.244713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.403329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.256024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.244713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.265861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.256024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.520041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.244713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.403329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161373.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151848.259386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150642.831081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149486.208333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152489.695122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173401.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151738.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162094.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 155698.716049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152980.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159259.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152240.056818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168224.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149171.086420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156529.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151070.488449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166053.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153100.752941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 139895.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150297.753813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163496.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152242.423333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152832.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150167.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145631.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149655.789157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164849.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150298.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155127.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148978.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151934.218598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 147288.234043                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148667.772727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147955.263736                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161373.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151848.259386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150642.831081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149486.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152489.695122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173401.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151738.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162094.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 155698.716049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152980.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159259.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152240.056818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168224.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149171.086420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156529.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151070.488449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166053.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153100.752941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 139895.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150018.213439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163496.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152242.423333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152832.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150167.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145631.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149655.789157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164849.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150158.429688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155127.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148978.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151833.246793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161373.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151848.259386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150642.831081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 149486.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152489.695122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 173401.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151738.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162094.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 155698.716049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152980.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159259.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152240.056818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168224.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149171.086420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156529.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151070.488449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166053.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 153100.752941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 139895.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150018.213439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163496.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152242.423333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152832.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150167.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 145631.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149655.789157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164849.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150158.429688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155127.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148978.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151833.246793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1617                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             91                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           85                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1448379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27441617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1360777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27375948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2191482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15522727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3230281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7954804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2913304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7897558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3047952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7776471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2531901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8274497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3084769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7365133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1377808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28153539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3021751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8061639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1062013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     42253186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1475125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28224157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7443039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15170970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1386342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43103958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1356180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11337049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327691204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4187522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3975784                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8163306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1448379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27441617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1360777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27375948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2191482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15522727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3230281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7954804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2913304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7897558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3047952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7776471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2531901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8274497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3084769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7365133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1377808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28153539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3021751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8061639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1062013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     46440708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1475125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28224157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7443039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15170970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1386342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47079742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1356180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11337049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335854510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1448379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27441617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1360777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27375948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2191482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15522727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3230281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7954804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2913304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7897558                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3047952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7776471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2531901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8274497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3084769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7365133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1377808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28153539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3021751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      8061639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1062013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     46440708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1475125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28224157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7443039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2097534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15170970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1386342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     47079742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1356180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11337049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335854510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.317829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.257576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.246201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.249240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.267477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.245455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.258359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.495680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.246201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.319846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.501071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.398109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.256024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.244713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.265861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.256024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.520041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.244713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.403329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.412676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.412256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.315992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.256024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.244713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.247734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.265861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.243976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.425562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.256024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.520041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.419580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.244713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.318008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.523517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.337838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103455.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93657.395904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97198.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92486.310811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91311.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94650.774390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 115367.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93585.929412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104046.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97500.716049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 108855.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94835.012195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101276.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94028.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110170.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90927.567901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98414.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92915.970297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107919.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94842.811765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 81693.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92054.871460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105366.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94080.523333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94803.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91889.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87397.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91391.385542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106641.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92102.474359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        96870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90696.392000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93760.001144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 89096.212766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90358.727273                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89706.659341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103455.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93657.395904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97198.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92486.310811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91311.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94650.774390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 115367.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93585.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104046.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97500.716049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 108855.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94835.012195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101276.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94028.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110170.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90927.567901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98414.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92915.970297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107919.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94842.811765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 81693.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91780.055336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105366.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94080.523333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94803.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91889.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87397.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91391.385542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106641.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91952.621094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        96870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90696.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93657.141662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 103455.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93657.395904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97198.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92486.310811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 91311.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94650.774390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 115367.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93585.929412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104046.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 97500.716049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 108855.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94835.012195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101276.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94028.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 110170.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90927.567901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98414.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92915.970297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 107919.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94842.811765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 81693.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 91780.055336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 105366.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94080.523333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94803.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 91889.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 87397.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 91391.385542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 106641.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91952.621094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        96870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90696.392000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93657.141662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.084358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.560144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.084358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2677443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2677443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2677443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2677443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2677443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2677443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167340.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167340.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167340.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167340.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167340.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167340.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2440179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2440179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2440179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2440179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2440179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2440179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174298.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174298.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 174298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174298.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             291129.865424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.794770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.205230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302248634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302248634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302248634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    302248634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    302248634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    302248634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120513.809410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120513.809410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120513.809410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120513.809410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120513.809410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120513.809410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1798                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     78633047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78633047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     78633047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78633047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     78633047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78633047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110750.770423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110750.770423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110750.770423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110750.770423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 110750.770423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110750.770423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.159483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750118359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1346711.596050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.159483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         110527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       110527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        110527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2617328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2617328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2617328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       110543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       110543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       110543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       163583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       163583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst       163583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       163583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2368725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2368725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2368725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2368725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169194.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169194.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169194.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              281231140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             288738.336756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   100.804997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   155.195003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.393770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.606230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       280424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       152957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       433381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         433381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       433381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        433381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306637276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    306637276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306637276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    306637276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    306637276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    306637276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       283000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       152957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       435957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       435957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119036.209627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119036.209627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119036.209627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119036.209627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119036.209627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119036.209627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79034378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79034378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79034378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79034378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     79034378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79034378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110075.735376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110075.735376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110075.735376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110075.735376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 110075.735376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110075.735376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              500.882001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732326859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1444431.674556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.882001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         111710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        111710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4775808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4775808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4775808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4775808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4775808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4775808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       111741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       111741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154058.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154058.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154058.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154058.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154058.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154058.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4017549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4017549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4017549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4017549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4017549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4017549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160701.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160701.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160701.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115427251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             149130.815245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   158.029088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    97.970912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.617301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.382699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        64323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64323                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         140878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        140878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215178264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215178264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5133145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5133145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    220311409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220311409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    220311409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220311409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125614.865149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125614.865149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109215.851064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109215.851064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125176.936932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125176.936932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125176.936932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125176.936932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     52399314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52399314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       217440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     52616754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52616754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     52616754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52616754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101549.058140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101549.058140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        72480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101381.028902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101381.028902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 101381.028902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101381.028902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              476.537859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              735275000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1516030.927835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.537859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.034516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       114159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       114159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         114159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       114159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        114159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9198184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9198184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9198184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9198184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9198184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9198184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       114199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       114199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       114199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       114199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       114199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229954.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229954.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229954.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229954.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 229954.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229954.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7123968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7123968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 237465.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237465.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 237465.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237465.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 237465.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237465.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              106620988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             181328.210884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   124.157672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   131.842328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.484991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.515009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        89366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        65568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       154934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         154934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       154934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        154934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total          866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total          866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     93850402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93850402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1097551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1097551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     94947953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94947953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     94947953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94947953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        90225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       155800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       155800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109255.415600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109255.415600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       156793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       156793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109639.668591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109639.668591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109639.668591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109639.668591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34431786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34431786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       326565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       326565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34758351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34758351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     34758351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34758351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104338.745455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104338.745455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163282.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163282.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104693.828313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104693.828313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104693.828313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104693.828313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              476.577285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735274985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1516030.896907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.577285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.034579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         114144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        114144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10105097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10105097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10105097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10105097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10105097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10105097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       114182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       114182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265923.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 265923.605263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265923.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 265923.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 265923.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 265923.605263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8016940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8016940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8016940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8016940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 267231.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267231.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 267231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 267231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267231.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106621154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             181637.400341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   124.256842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   131.743158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.485378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.514622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        65767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91030191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91030191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       697636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       697636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91727827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91727827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     91727827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91727827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        65774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       155962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       155962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106468.059649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106468.059649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99662.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99662.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106412.792343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106412.792343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106412.792343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106412.792343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33249010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33249010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       189526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33438536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33438536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33438536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33438536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101060.820669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101060.820669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        94763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101022.767372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101022.767372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101022.767372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101022.767372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              476.577051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              735275073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1516031.078351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.577051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.034579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         114232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        114232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10610988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10610988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10610988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10610988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     10610988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10610988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       114270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       114270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 279236.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 279236.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 279236.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 279236.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 279236.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 279236.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8406655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8406655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8406655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8406655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8406655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8406655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 280221.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280221.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 280221.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280221.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 280221.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280221.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              106621306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             181637.659284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   124.229704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   131.770296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.485272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.514728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        89533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        65716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65716                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         155249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        155249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     90602580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90602580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       689111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       689111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91291691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91291691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     91291691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91291691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        65723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105967.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105967.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98444.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98444.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105906.834107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105906.834107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105906.834107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105906.834107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              73                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32962827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32962827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       181341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33144168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33144168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     33144168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33144168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100190.963526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100190.963526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 90670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90670.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100133.438066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100133.438066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100133.438066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100133.438066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              474.907623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735275082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1525466.975104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.907623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.031903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         114241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        114241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9161603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9161603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9161603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9161603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9161603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9161603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       114280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       114280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 234912.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234912.897436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 234912.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 234912.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 234912.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 234912.897436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6633011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6633011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6633011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6633011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 245667.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245667.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 245667.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245667.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 245667.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245667.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              106621223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             181637.517888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   124.078626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   131.921374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.484682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.515318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        89526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        65644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         155170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        155170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     90775859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90775859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1248729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1248729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92024588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92024588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     92024588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92024588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       156030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       156030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106419.529894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106419.529894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 178389.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178389.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107005.334884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107005.334884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107005.334884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107005.334884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33211623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33211623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       350920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       350920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33562543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33562543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     33562543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33562543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100947.182371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100947.182371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       175460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       175460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101397.410876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101397.410876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101397.410876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101397.410876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              476.551400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              735275185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1516031.309278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.551400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.034537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       114344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       114344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         114344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       114344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        114344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9973765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9973765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9973765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9973765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9973765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9973765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       114384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       114384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       114384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       114384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       114384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 249344.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 249344.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 249344.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 249344.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 249344.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 249344.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7381748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7381748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7381748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7381748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7381748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7381748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 246058.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246058.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 246058.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246058.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 246058.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246058.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              106621197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181328.566327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   124.279589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   131.720411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.485467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.514533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        89431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        65709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       155140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         155140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       155140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        155140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89665061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89665061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2159133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2159133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91824194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91824194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91824194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91824194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        65716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65716                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          178                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       156010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       156010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103899.259560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103899.259560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 308447.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 308447.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105545.050575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105545.050575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105545.050575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105545.050575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              74                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32345716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32345716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       539112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       539112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32884828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32884828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     32884828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32884828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98017.321212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98017.321212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       269556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       269556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99050.686747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99050.686747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99050.686747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99050.686747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              555.996882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750118230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1346711.364452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.996882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         110398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       110398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        110398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2553373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2553373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2553373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2553373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2553373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2553373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       110413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       110413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       110413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170224.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170224.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170224.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170224.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 170224.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170224.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2347883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2347883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2347883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2347883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2347883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2347883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167705.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167705.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167705.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167705.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 167705.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167705.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              281231122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             290528.018595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   100.804625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   155.195375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.393768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.606232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       280411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       152951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         433362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       433362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        433362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307005336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    307005336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307005336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    307005336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    307005336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    307005336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       282940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       152951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       435891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       435891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121393.964413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121393.964413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121393.964413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121393.964413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121393.964413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121393.964413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1817                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79698431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79698431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79698431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79698431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     79698431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79698431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111935.998596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111935.998596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111935.998596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111935.998596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 111935.998596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111935.998596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              476.600444                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              735275078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1516031.088660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.600444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.034616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         114237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       114237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        114237                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8978836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8978836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8978836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8978836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8978836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8978836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       114279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       114279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       114279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 213781.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 213781.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 213781.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 213781.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 213781.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 213781.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6807373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6807373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6807373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6807373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 226912.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226912.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 226912.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226912.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 226912.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226912.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              106621288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             181328.721088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   124.504508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   131.495492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.486346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.513654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        89482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        65763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         155245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       155245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        155245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     89739546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89739546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1160268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1160268                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     90899814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90899814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     90899814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90899814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        65775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       156107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105575.936471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105575.936471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        96689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105452.220418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105452.220418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105452.220418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105452.220418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32580737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32580737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       247601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       247601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32828338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32828338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     32828338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32828338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99029.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99029.595745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82533.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82533.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98880.536145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98880.536145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98880.536145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98880.536145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.682807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              735400027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1464940.292829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.682807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         109040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       109040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        109040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2198974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2198974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2198974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2198974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2198974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2198974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       109056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       109056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       109056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 137435.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137435.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 137435.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 137435.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 137435.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 137435.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1933653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1933653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1933653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148742.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148742.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148742.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148742.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148742.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148742.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              122589067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             99747.003255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   189.941721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    66.058279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.258040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66600                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         149013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       149013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        149013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    290658286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290658286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     63249341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     63249341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    353907627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    353907627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    353907627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    353907627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        66955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          134                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       151573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.026058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005302                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 131817.816780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131817.816780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 178167.157746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178167.157746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138245.166797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138245.166797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 138245.166797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138245.166797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1587                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    106807234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106807234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7557095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7557095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    114364329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114364329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    114364329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114364329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 115342.585313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115342.585313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 160789.255319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160789.255319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117537.850976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117537.850976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117537.850976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117537.850976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.162766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750118300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1346711.490126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.162766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         110468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       110468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        110468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2709077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2709077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2709077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2709077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2709077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2709077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       110483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       110483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       110483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180605.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180605.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180605.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180605.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 180605.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180605.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2509735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2509735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2509735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179266.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179266.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179266.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179266.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 179266.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179266.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              281231076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             289630.356334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   100.731766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   155.268234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.393483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.606517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       280424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152893                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       433317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         433317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       433317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        433317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    311065377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311065377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    311065377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311065377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    311065377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311065377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       282994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       152893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       435887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       435887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121037.111673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121037.111673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121037.111673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121037.111673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121037.111673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121037.111673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79520206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79520206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79520206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79520206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     79520206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79520206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111217.071329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111217.071329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111217.071329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111217.071329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111217.071329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111217.071329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              477.143012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735275144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1512911.818930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.143012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.035486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.764652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         114303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       114303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        114303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10194339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10194339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10194339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10194339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10194339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10194339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       114343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       114343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       114343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254858.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 254858.475000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254858.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 254858.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254858.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 254858.475000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7897723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7897723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7897723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7897723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7897723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7897723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254765.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254765.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254765.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254765.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 254765.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254765.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              106621345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             181637.725724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   124.309100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   131.690900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.485582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.514418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        89518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        65767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     88233058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88233058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       775270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       775270                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89008328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     89008328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89008328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     89008328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        90374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        65774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103076.002336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103076.002336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110752.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110752.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103138.271147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103138.271147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103138.271147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103138.271147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31549062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31549062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       181430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       181430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31730492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31730492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31730492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31730492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95893.805471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95893.805471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        90715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90715                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95862.513595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95862.513595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95862.513595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95862.513595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              500.881849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              732326871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1444431.698225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.881849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.030259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         111722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       111722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        111722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4764942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4764942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4764942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4764942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4764942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4764942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       111754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       111754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       111754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148904.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148904.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148904.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148904.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 148904.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148904.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3972471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3972471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3972471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3972471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3972471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3972471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158898.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158898.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158898.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158898.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 158898.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158898.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              115427626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             148364.557841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   158.044118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    97.955882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.617360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.382640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        76792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        64455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         141247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        141247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1781                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    212434388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212434388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5377705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5377705                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    217812093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217812093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    217812093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217812093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        78526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        64502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       143028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       143028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       143028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       143028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.022082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122511.181084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122511.181084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114419.255319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114419.255319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122297.637844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122297.637844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 122297.637844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122297.637844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1259                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52273996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52273996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       213438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52487434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52487434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     52487434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52487434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100720.608863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100720.608863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        71146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71146                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100550.639847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100550.639847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100550.639847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100550.639847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.681813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              735400036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1464940.310757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.681813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         109049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       109049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        109049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2631467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2631467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2631467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2631467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2631467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2631467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       109065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       109065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       109065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164466.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164466.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164466.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164466.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164466.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164466.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2271774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2271774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2271774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2271774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174751.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174751.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174751.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174751.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              122588901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             99342.707455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.899922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.100078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.741797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.258203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        82264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        66584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         148848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       148848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        148848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2551                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    297116786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297116786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58195187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58195187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355311973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355311973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355311973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355311973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        84490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        66909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       151399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 133475.645103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133475.645103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 179062.113846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179062.113846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139283.407683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139283.407683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 139283.407683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139283.407683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    109129408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109129408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6987275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6987275                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    116116683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116116683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    116116683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116116683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000658                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000658                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116840.907923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116840.907923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 158801.704545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158801.704545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118728.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118728.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118728.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118728.714724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.589634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731806738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496537.296524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.589634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         113072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        113072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2553500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2553500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       113087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       113087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170233.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170233.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 170233.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170233.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2292856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2292856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2292856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2292856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163775.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163775.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163775.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163775.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163775.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163775.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110531740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176568.274760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   139.922904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   116.077096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.546574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.453426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        76480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         140294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        140294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    144951396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144951396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    144951396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    144951396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    144951396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    144951396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118618.163666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.163666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118618.163666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.163666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118618.163666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118618.163666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36444762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36444762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36444762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36444762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     36444762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36444762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98499.356757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98499.356757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98499.356757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98499.356757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98499.356757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98499.356757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
